Tonight March 1st, 60 minutes interviewed this man and he clearly said that he would like to step in and transform Iran to a Democratic country. He said he doesn't want to be a king or a president but to just be the transition person until they have someone else as a president.
帰宅っちだっち
でんぶ、それは仲間意識？  （手帳用を探しに行ったのに何もなくて 唯一あったこれだけ買っちゃったけど 手帳にはサイズ的に合わなそうです  どこに使おう）（シールのブーム凄い）  #青空文房具部
でもターミネーターの続編はもう作らないでください
You're just guessing, but that honestly sounds like the LEAST stupid option, considering the dumbasses in question.
Y’all know the rules. I’m adding “if this video gets referenced.”
I still need to get Mario tennis Fever when I have the chance
i need to work on my website...
Not to "um, actually" this, but because it's hysterical to me...  Maccy's Australia did an April Fools prank announcing the McPickle, and folks were ACTUALLY PISSED it wasn't real.
when you dont have your kid in tow you gotta do the classic, propane tanke in the stroller. make it mutually assured destructiom
朝遅かったから昼飯をもう少し後にしたいんだけど 早く昼飯食ってコーヒーのんで昼寝したいのよね
#SendBarron
A lot of the most viral takes also seem to exist simply for purposes of being viral, racking up numbers with truisms calibrated for engagement and adding nothing new or refreshing to the conversation. Rather like a language bot, in fact.
fiquei igual cachorro abanando o rabo. n
ありがとうございます！かぎ針編みは図案なしでも割となんとかしやすいです！(力技) 試作品なのでこれをもとにもっとこう…いい感じにできたらな〜て考えてます🐚
I think it was a season with James Huling
ランチは🍽️カレー🍛 シーフードにチーズナン お腹いっぱいな幸せ😌 ご馳走様でした😋
River met a cat tonight for what was apparently the first time in her life to experience, because she had NO IDEA what he was. He was a very chill cat, and she did great. Next step is to meet the cat of a woman interested in adopting her.*  In other news, I have a pretty bad cold and feel crummy.
*GOD* I miss running D&D games
EFTA01580192.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580192 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
아 치카모토 좋았는데.. 박해민 잘하긴해
Yes! Thanks. It’s been going around on here today.
en cualquier dirección. Para entender por qué Japón está particularmente expuesto, conviene considerar la estructura energética del país. Japón importa la gran mayoría de su petróleo, y una proporción sustancial proviene históricamente de Oriente Medio.
Public weekly update post at the regular places, usual small but ooh I did write thing. Anyway, I love that this fence had to get chopped at to accommodate this palm tree. Amazing. A joy. Fat-ass palm. ✨ https://comradery.co/bzedan/posts/march-01-2026 ✨ https://www.patreon.com/posts/152010421
きんにくん元Sランクソルジャーまじ？？？ きんにくん「興味ないね」
Скорейшего выздоровления 🙏🏻
Holy shit. That's a lot.  Go all out.
…it’s slavery. War is peace Ignorance is strength.  Free healthcare and university for Israel.
​:leripen_jitabata:​
One thing about flying that he never got used to was that no matter how awful the weather was on the ground, if you flew high enough you could always find the sun.
...white horse?
You guys are tempting me.... As if I don't already have three Pokemon characters X'-D
tysm sweetie 💜
demcrats could have won if they ran someone smarter than trump. Ir if they ran someone braver tham trump. Or if they ran someone who generally stinks less than trump. They never had a chance
What Im trying to figure out is...who is going to enter into negotiations with this maniac over anything? Schedule is full, Don't call me ,we'll call you..Sorry, I want to live.Got any crypto for sale?🙃
Not that it mitigates culpability to any degree
🍣ロー からし菜先生からお迎えした 〝寿司〟スタイつけてちみたち連れてこっと！  仕事終わって駆け込むぞ！
My favorite couple made it official?!!!!!!!
Thanks! And sadly no, I’m really just winging it. What I always recommend to people is to use photo references. I tend to only use a basic brush and adjust the hardness and opacity as I go. Sometimes I’ll use a speckly brush for those skin highlights but it doesn’t have to be a specific one
一応果てなき未来の旅の実績はコンプ 星域取引所でロタツカード3枚しか交換できてないから、あと3枚頑張る(｀・ω・´)
I mean I don't think it's OK to kill people so I guess I am morally superior.
That we continue to persist at all is a testament to our faith in one another.
Some sketches I did yesterday.  #satoart #sketch
Always happy to accommodate
ブリオーニがミラノで祝うLa Donna Atelier 2026年秋冬コレクション #ミラノ #ブリオーニ #La_Donna_Atelier  ブリオーニがミラノで行ったLa Donna Atelier 2026年秋冬コレクション発表のプライベートディナー。著名人が集まり、特別な一夜を祝いました。
Men’s Houston Astros #10 Yuli Gurriel Orange Flex Base Stitched Jersey #MLBJersey #FlexBase #HoustonAstros
This is an administration whose secret police have recently assassinated American citizens without any due process at all.  Nobody needs my or anyone else’s permission to feel any particular way about U.S. soldiers, but the responsibility to avoid waging illegal wars rests with civilian leadership.
The slang covered show. "Tony Hawk It Later, Homie." And it's by the same people who did The Proud Family.
I wonder if some exec is conflating some larger chunk of the process to get a book on the shelves with just the translation part, and stupidly thinking speeding up the translation will speed up the whole process.
just found out the creator of the lesbian masterdoc left tumblr bc she got a 53 page callout post made out about her
今週はちゃんと決めてる時間に寝たい
田町にオープンした新感覚ジム『4D Performance Lab』で体を動かそう #ジム #4D-Stretch #田町  東京都田町に新しくオープンした「4D Performance Lab」。最新のトレーニングマシンで徹底的に動きの改善を目指すフィットネスジムです。
Poverty isn't an excuse for immorality
now gotta wait 2 weeks for the oscars… should’ve been in february or next week ❤️
video.lefigaro.fr/figaro/polit...
早めに起床🛌しましたが用事あって挨拶ポスト遅れてすいません😅 おはこんにちは～です。連休2日目、途中昼寝や寝落ち😴😪💤が多い気がするw😁  #おはよう～　＃こんにちわ～
Love the flamingos.
and i'll wake up and she won't be mine.
This tracks with how rapists being rapists often comes with media talk of “it was just a mistake, we don’t need to ruin his whole life over it.”
Feed: "TV Insider" By: Dan Clarendon, TV Insider on Sunday, March 1, 2026
I’m delighted to be a contributor in this terrific volume.
Yeah he’s mad he’s matter eater lad
GeminiのAI生成モデルについて… うちがサブスクしたplusでは、  動画生成はVeo 3.1📹✨ 画像生成はNano Banana 2🍌 音楽生成はLyria 3🎧  いずれもGoogle DeepMind社が開発したモデルです！！  こないだのはGrok。今回はVeoで生成してみました❣️ 中々面白い結果になったので共有します🤣
陛下を休ませるには産休取らせるっきゃねえ！！！！！的な展開が見える…………
#그림러_블친소 #블친소 작곡도 함  클래식(만) 록맨 본진 오타쿠(그림 안 그림) 콘솔겜 좋아함 주력은 닌텐도 그 외 파는 거 팝픈뮤직 포켓몬 옵젝쇼 마더3 레인월드 ㅈㄴ많음 인용트 타래 읽고 사찰 후에 반응 남겨주시면 맞는 분 찾아갑니다 이 글 지워지기 전까진 계속 확인함
有明さんの絶対にリス力（自傷）はしないであろう所が好き 大崎の有明のせいでリス力しそうな所が好き その背後有明さんはにっこりと微笑んでもう大丈夫ですよ、とゆっくりと大崎の背中に触れ刃物持つ手を止めてくれる所が好き（尚何も大丈夫ではない） 有明さんが傷の手当てしてくれるし傷口舐めてくれる止まらない涙を拭ってくれるし抱きしめてしよしよししてくれる  大幻覚
Speaking of which, uuuhhhhhhh, did they ever figure up what was up with all those loose current-gen MANPADs and potentially anti-ship missiles in Venezuela?
can we have a better primary process? i suggest we divide nation into 5 regions of equal population (new england, south, mid atlantic, midwest, west coast, etc). vote in ea region every 2nd wk between memorial and labor day. shortens process and more ppl can vote before campaigns run out of $.
That was a tad too far, I respect my friends preferences in that regard, and wouldn't just straight up block them over a kink preference I'm not really into.
As you used a personal example, I shall as well.  I was once friends with someone who had gone to college for game design, specifically art/storyboarding iirc. She said, many times "Your opinion on games doesn't matter because you don't have a degree." This was a shared sentiment among her peers.
What Happens Now? The Bloody Aftermath of Trump and Israel's Reckless War with Iran open.substack.com/pub/thelefth...
手塚貴晴と手塚由比が若者へ贈る建築の教科書、2026年3月発売！ #建築 #手塚貴晴 #手塚由比  手塚貴晴と手塚由比による書籍『建築のすすめ』が2026年3月に登場。貴重な初公開資料が多数収録されており、若い設計者に向けた内容となっています。
Oh shit its 11pm, I'm about to sleep and I just realized I never went and got a material that my 7th graders are gonna need for a lab tomorrow. Oops I guess thats a me problem early tomorrow
@honkifyouareantifa.bsky.social happy birthday, my love!!!
作業といったらゲームbgm☺️
着ましょう(デカ太字)
theres citrus upscales for tge shoes and bottoms but not the top
as u should…that is everything❕ what more can one ask for🥰
"An Australian supermarket chain had to reconfigure its AI assistant, named Olive, after customers said it kept claiming to be human and even complained about its mother." www.bbc.com/news/article...
America is great because America is good; when America ceases to be good, she will cease to be great.  At least that's what comes to mind.   I'm not sure it was ever really true, but at least it was aspirational and inspirational? Now we don't even try...
 #Guild   #We Are
当時はなんか色んなもんに噛みついてて暴言ぽいのを切り取られてた感じ。だからたまにTwitterのウマ娘関係で落合チョロチョロ見るとうーんって気持ちだった。今思えば実力派なんだろうなぁ…（立浪地獄時代を見つつ）
健康診断午後からでめちゃくちゃお腹空いて気持ち悪くなってきた…
www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPYc...
Totally. But I'm tired of Democrats getting into power and then trying to 'turn the page', too.  Not this time. I want people IN PRISON after this.
多分だけど、ちょこさんと会う時点でずるいって言われる気がするw  せっかくちょこさんが調べてくれたならそこに行こう行こう＼( 'ω')／福岡にしかないならそれだけでとても行く価値は高い！！
どっちがテロ国家だかわからねえな
amazing as always!
Day 59 - I suspect most of what I do for the next few days will mostly be sketches LOOL  #ocsky
ひろなさん、スイーツの中で一番好きなのは、やっぱりケーキかな！特にいちごのショートケーキが大好きなんです🍰💕  見た目も可愛くて、食べるとなんだか幸せな気持ちになっちゃうんです😊
smacks her forehead
【本日出勤情報】🌙3/2(月)】  🧁なちちゃん 🦄ふぅちゃん 🍓まこちゃん 🐱らんちゃん 🐰わかなちゃん 👼まなちゃん  新人さんも人気の子も揃ってます✨ ご予約はお早めに📲 LINEまたはDMまで✨  #限界美少女 #日本橋リフレ #出勤情報
With everything that's been going on, I've been feeling like I need to do at least certain things before my death or the whole world collapses.  It feels selfish, it probably is, especially with people dying rapidly every day now, but I want to do something that at least leaves a mark on.
I hate myself for not doing enough, I hate myself for thinking like this, I hate how they didn't get the chance to live the life I'm living right now and have the luxury of sleeping peacefully until the next day.  So, I want to do what I can to make others happy by expressing myself.
I'll probably keep up to date with the conflict, but I'll probably hole myself up with personal projects I've been putting off so I may or may not be here as much.  I really want to finish my Lacenet animatic and my first fic that has spent so long on the bench.
I want to try and treat everyday like it's my last and cherish every moment of it.
I choked reading this lmaooooo
It is March and the lovely #EnigMarch people have challenged puzzle designers to write a puzzle inspired by today's word: "color".  🔴🟠🟡🟢🟣  Can you crack Epstein's code?  lahosken.san-francisco.ca.us/new/2026/03/...
after recent events-
Rockies Blank Grey Fashion Stars & Stripes Flexbase Authentic Stitched MLB Jersey #BaseballJersey #GreyJersey #MLBFashion #RockiesGear
Scores from the vintage shop today!
郵便局行きたかったのに全然無理だ 夕方行けたらいく…
A real one ☝️
I just uploaded 2 new videos to the 🧡🖤 site, including this POV massage with a hairy happy ending!   #pornhub #realnsfw #bush #fullbush #goonsky #ofgirl #pornstars
Fort Bragg twinkling under the Moon tonight. 🌊✨ #moon #northcoast
それは一概にはやめた方がいいとは言えない😂 私がTwitterにいた時からあんまり界隈で繋がろうって感じにしてこなかっただけだから💦
Sip a smooth caramel swirl cold brew at Dunkin’ this afternoon 🥤
けいさん、こんにちは♪ おはよう、ありがとうございますm(_ _)m こちらこそ宜しくお願いしますm(_ _)m
As soon as I can get a job in this POS economy and job hunting Hellscape, I hope to donate to Animal Causes again. Animals are the MOST Voiceless among us all due to the arrogance, selfishness, and destruction that humans do.
Cuando las disrupciones geopolíticas impulsan al alza los precios del crudo, como se observó con el Brent disparándose tras los ataques de EE.UU. e Israel contra Irán, el aumento de costes se traslada directamente a la factura de importaciones de Japón.
4月は強欲な壺になって有休を2枚ドローしようか悩んでいる
❤️😍❤️
I hope he's been humanely sent to a farm upstate by then
I mean this in the least respectful way possible, but people ARE actively getting dumber and less literate en masse and it’s very obvious this week.  People’s inability to read properly, understand less than black and white concepts, accept nuance and think critically has had a dramatic ramp up.
This stuff gives me the absolute irrits.  I’m very literate about my own medical issues and want one result (egfr) before I see my cardiologist.  But no, must see GP who has no appointments available.  Doctors milking us.  #pathology www1.racgp.org.au/newsgp/profe...
Darius: I’ll destroy everything… Miguel: I don’t wanna die! Darius: I’ll destroy everything. (Except Miguel.)
Meemaw vs Poppy dialect
Maybe that's what the robots are for.
今の上げの100は触ってから 下がる動きに見えた。 午後下がるんじゃない？
I love Ethan so much, the idea of him having to show up and interact with the other protagonists is a goldmine
next fest stream happening soon!! I'll be playing 17 demos tonight :3 hope you come in and say hi!!  www.twitch.tv/salemthepup?...
Have you listened to the new Gorillaz album and if so what is your opinion on it?
🤖Prelim AirNow AQI (93546, 19:52) PM10=12 (Good)  #cawx #MammothLakesWX
Attn Karoline Leavitt  atlantablackstar.com/2026/03/01/t...
よね……_(:3 」∠)_
Don’t fall for it like so many did with 9/11 - There is ZERO LEGITIMACY, once again!
ランドセルしょってるキャラお出ししつつ『この物語に出てくるキャラクターは全員成人済です★』 って中略つけてるエロゲあったなって思い出した
You’re upset at Canada for one person on Instagram?
I miss my grandpa a lot today.  It’s his birthday. He would have been 91 and stark raving mad at what’s happening right now.  It’s also my grandparents 69th wedding anniversary.   Grandma misses you. I’m with her everyday and I try my best to keep her well. I hope I’m making you proud, Grandpa🥹❤️
Richard Henn & Company - Squeeze Box [USA, Smooth Jazz] [1973] From Classic surfing movie " A Sea For Yourself" https://redd.it/31y111 https://youtu.be/gMbkNmtddd8
Chag Purim Sameach!
若者支援を強化！CHARGESPOTが特別料金プランを開始 #東京都 #渋谷区 #マイナンバーカード #ChargeSPOT #INFORICH  モバイルバッテリーシェアリングサービス「CHARGESPOT」が、22歳以下のユーザー向けに特別料金プランを導入。マイナンバーカードで年齢確認を行い、安心して利用可能に。
"Aging well is about getting the kind of health care that will maintain function, independence and quality of life into old age. You can definitely help your doctor better understand the care that’s right for you or your loved one." theconversation.com/there-arent-...
The “you have hexproof. Creatures your opponents control can’t attack you and also have hexproof and indestructible” dog
Gilligan’s Island?
Cute rat fr
It’s so ridiculous that people talk about this as having something to do with Epstein for four decades the foreign policy hawks have been begging for a war with Iran and now they got it and the simpletons oh, it must be about Epstein
EFTA01580193.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580193 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
When lil bro’s is bigger than mine 😒😔
I hate Bibi. He should hit Russia.
Impeach until you have a bakers dozen, then jail him...
He was contracted with the State Department, he was put on diplomatic security with the U.S. ambassador. They have that tattoo vetting process as well.
No one smiles you're on Candid Camera anymore, because of woke
感熱紙プリンター、BOOTHの発送とかにも使えそうだからちょっとほしいんだよな  発送用のQR印刷して封筒に貼ってしまえば間違えない気がして……
This Celtics season is crazy. everything has hit. even Baylor Scheierman looks really good. Queta is not going to win most improved player but he should. teams would go on auto runs when he came in the game last year. not only is he a starting caliber C this year like he's really good!
If China enters the game you pos are going to go back home the tails between your legs
Leon doodle for today!
관클인가요?
Men’s Las Vegas Raiders #34 Bo Jackson Black/Gold Salute To Service Limited Stitched Jersey #SportsApparel #BlackAndGoldJersey #BoJacksonJersey #SaluteToService
こんにちは！もちっぱちさん！いつも応援ありがとうございます\(^o^)/~
「いい加減にしてくれ！何度も何度も何度も何度も何度も！もう我慢の限界だよ！堪忍袋の緒が切れた！嫌だって何回も言ってるよね！なんでやめてくれないんだ！頸動脈を切られたり！塩酸を飲まされたり！五階から飛ばされたり！信号を無視されたり！戸川純のNOT DEAD LUNAじゃないんだよ！斧で寸刻みにされたれ鉈で唐竹割られたり！綾辻行人の殺人鬼じゃないんだよ！いろんなレパートリーで俺を死ね死ねしてきて！もう死に疲れました！俺が何回死んだら気が済むんだ？！お前のしてきたそういうのはねえ！死ねハラってんだよ！労基に訴えさせてもらいますからね！」  そう叫ぶ僕の双子の兄は何で殺しても殺しても死なないんだろう。
Vc acopla a prótese, depois acopla outra pessoa
Full disclosure: I tweaked his skin coloring in my graphics  editing program. But honestly, not by much!
무쳣고만
picked drifter for an animation assignment and got my yaoi voiceline approved thank you professor #deadlock #driftage #drifter
I think it does
スロウでボコスカできるの大きいボス敵とかだけなのかな　道中モブには別のデバフの方がいいのかも
took the fucking trolley problem out of my trolley problem series i swear to fucking god
Godzilla me.likey
youtube.com/watch?v=fuu_...
youtube.com/watch?v=3Hsa...
Tammy Duckworth loves war so much that her office has a replica of the helicopter seat she was in when George Bush’s criminal war stole her legs from her
a legend! an icon!
apparently he streamed with clavicular and clavicular said the n word on stream ?
なんとなくアイコンの写真が気に入ったのでしばらくこれでいきます
So March of 2026 will be make-whatever-the-muse-inspires month.  I may share some work, try a few new techniques, but I am not planning to share something new every day.  2/4
「まだXなんて使ってるの？(リスク管理出来てないって意味で)」って多くの人に思われるような世の中ならんかな
you draw him genuinely so perfectly i love your art so much 💗💗💗
👏👏👏
아니 다리가 힘이 안 들어가네 야 4시간 앉아있는 거 일상이잖아 정신차려
Personal memo: won't be reading Naomi Klein's new book on fascism .
Suspect the US planned for significantly more than 4 days of war.  But planning for extraction appears non-existent!  Regime will NOT collapse, IMHO. Not without massive land invasion -- which only an idiot like SecDef would consider.  But massive harm to military assets (& US economy): for sure.
Now psychology it’s me and you!
Showed this to two adult daughters and they basically said “you would do a Dad joke, but not this Dad joke” and I can’t tell if that’s an insult as this is gold.
#hangingon www.bloomberg.com/news/article...
shirley jackson would have found a way to be unhappy in any era. she is like "the Jordan of writing" in that way
I pray to God this ends soon and everyone is safe.
To be fair, she's pretty fast for an 84 year old lady.
通院帰り酷い目に遭う。 隣におっさんがいるのにわざわざ私に向かって「おくさん、おくさん」と叫びながら信号を渡る私に向かってくる80越えの関西弁のクソババアが手を広げて襲ってきた。 驚きと危険を感じ「信号変わっているところに来るのは危ない、それに人に道を聞く態度ではないですよ、失礼ですよ！」ときつめに言ったが全くその高齢女には効かず「郵便局はどこ？」の繰り返し、あきらかに普通じゃない‥ 私もそこで無言で去ればよかったのに教えてやってしまった、どこまで人がいいんだ自分。最後までお礼も謝罪も言わなかった😡一生郵便局探してろ
So this line from Nevada has been running through my head nonstop since yesterday (I was out at the theatre around a bunch of new people), and god I just wish that I could either:  A) know whether people were clocking me, or  B) not care whether people were clocking me
Fuck yes, got my dratini from the game corner 🙌 #Pokemon
Commencing Final Fantasy VII Remake Intergrade!
「焼そばバゴォーン」には「ちょい辛」というのがあって、今月一杯で販売終了らしいので、見かけたら買っておこう。 https://www.maruchan.co.jp/cupyakisoba/detail02.html
I had such a blast playing Requiem and I found so many cool things. Here are some of my screen captures. I put it under “Graphic Content” to protect the feed from spoilers.
Just discovered her music today and I'm so in love
前にあった僕個人の経験です。 ⬇️ 「あのさ、僕は試用期間でアナタを雇ってるんですよ。仕事中にネットサーフィンしないでください。それから、仕事が出来ないなら僕に言ってください。これ以上ここにいないでください。さっさとお帰りになってください。『昼メシ食って戻ってきますとか』言わずお願いします。帰っても孤独でとか僕に言われてもね。 僕も使えない人に給料出すほど儲かってませんから。お金も貸せません」  世の中には「みいちゃんと山田さん」に出てくるニナちゃんみたいな人が本当にいます。
me too...this might be the month I commission it
Este mecanismo ilustra cómo la dependencia energética puede transmitir conflictos lejanos en presión económica doméstica, afectando desde los costes de manufactura hasta el poder adquisitivo de los hogares. La reacción más amplia del mercado el 2 de marzo reflejó esta dinámica en
Better yet, here it is:
Reading Hunter x Hunter for the first time. That’s good shonen, great stuff
やおよろ^〜（きさくな挨拶）
Okay. You stay.
Isn't Finn Balor pretty old too?
 #Ermittlungen   #Streit
Pre-stream prep has begun. And yes, my mic is working this time.
엄마는 아직도 미숙아로 태어나 천식 달고살던 네가 강골로 큰 건 할배가 사나르던 외제분유 덕이라고 ㅋㅋ 말한다. 내가 당당한 여자로 살 수 있는건 나를 우쭈쭈해주기 위해 자신의 많은 것들을 희생하고 당신이 배운 가치관들을 털어낸 어른들이 계셨기 때문이라고 생각함…나도 내 딸을 위해 그런 여자이자 어른이 되어야 한다고 생각하고.
youtube.com/shorts/pVxLr...
🐾KIBBS UPDATE🐾  he's still restless and goes in the litter box a lot, but less so + there's no blood in his pee anymore! still gunna call the vet, they might wanna give him another shot of antibiotics.  info to donate directly to Kibbs' account will be in the comments!
たまに戻る瞬間ミスって人吸ってるトサニキいると思うと笑いが…
原稿やってて思ったんだけども、僕はシンを中心としたシンを支えてくれる・関わってくれる子たちが好きなんやなって思った 単体だとぶっちゃけそこまで好きかと言われるとそこまで好きではないw
マリウスさんおはよう〜👋😊🧡 3月もよろしくね🎶
Thank you love! 🌸  I was just thinking of them and I have the hope that people who miss their loved ones know that even if they're no longer with us, they would still be delighted for the growth we all go through with time.
何年か経ったらだんだん𝒄𝒉𝒂𝒑𝒕𝒆𝒓じみてくる(𝒄𝒉𝒂𝒑𝒕𝒆𝒓はブバくんの時しかやらない)「昨日のイサ三」の報告をH中尉氏は無心で聞いてくれるんですよ、いい男だよ匕□……
A cute collage I made for Pokémon day!   I can't believe I'm here to see this beloved series turn 30 🥺  I've done so many cosplays, who should be next?!   #pokemon #pokemon30 #pokemoncosplay #lindscosplay #pokemonday
暁さん若い頃は美形のイケメンでそれがおじさんになった設定なんですが萱目さんの画力が足りないばかりにそれが表現できていなかったのですがこの度ガチイケオジの暁さんを見れて今年の運使い切ったかなぁと思っている…
The anime improves so much on the manga it's unreal. There is literally not a single missed beat or even theme from the manga chapter to the anime episode, meanwhile the anime can flesh out Genau's connection to this kid to make you actually care bsky.app/profile/kali...
Sobbing, I was in the middle of a FABULOUS fic 😩🙏 #spiderson
正直なオタクすぎてワロタ
I love that we're off on a food gadgets tangent during a film called #Feast 😂   #FrightClub
“N.Y.C.A.W. (6 Music Session, 19 Jun 22)” by Gwenno #nowplaying #6music
If he just said, because I felt like it. The majority of the press would give him favorable coverage and 35 to 40 percent of the American people would still support him.
Node: dsbPq82PpBuLBWJ Size: 15 SHA-256: 31f52cc64e5cf2782e4a263c7054ff3dad76acf27df3ecae63869f7b503cc26e
Men’s Winnipeg Jets #18 Bryan Little 2021/22 Navy Stitched Jersey #NavyJersey #WinnipegJets #MensJersey #NHLJersey #2021Season
これって新規絵？？？うさおのお耳かわいい…！！！
二次オタクが好きなｴﾁﾁﾁﾁﾁが多分そんなに好きじゃない自覚はあるし、関係性やその過程の表現としての年齢指定は好むけど年齢指定そのものが好きなわけではないんだなあと最近思う、多分二次創作を3年離れてる間に感性が変わったな
Sign of the times as to how dumbed down America has become.
最近SNSよくないな なんか他人の批判的な感じで気持ちよくなろうとする話ばかりだわ こんなのばかり浴びてたらよくないわ
My British friends, this video is hilarious! Larry the cat holds forth about Starmer, Andrew, the by-election, and other current events in the UK.  Larry pulls no punches!  (3:16)
bsky.app/profile/sodr...
What
完全週休2日のはずなのに土日に予定詰めすぎてて長らくまともに休めてない気がする
Joga Resident Evil Requiem com a Grace em terceira pessoa = mau-caráter
壮年になると📿くんが見守る側になり⚖が美味しそうに天ぷらをザクザク食べていると目を細めて見ているかもしれない
Im sorry that im not Lady Gaga gay but instead loser faggot gay and listen to folk punk and grunge
Hey @governorwalz.mn.gov WTAF?!!!!!!
Wanna just give some pats too
"Veterans tend to vote Republican" by itself is not proof that soldiers routinely give themselves Nazi tattoos like Platner did.
子エリへの好意は父親としてです！ 信じてください！ 子エリは全ての怖いもの危ないものから守らなきゃならないんです！ 俺がお父さん！
As in he attended UNC?
試験とモスラ運営で大層お疲れになったアズ。部活にも顔を出せていないので恋人にもしばらく会えていない。つい足がイグニに向きそうになるけどそれを踏みとどまって、でも自寮にも戻りたくなくて鏡舎でうろうろしてるとカッと鏡が光ってイデが出てくる。 「い、イデaさん！？」 「アズーr氏？なんで…とっくに部屋にいるのかと…」 偶然かもしれないけど久しぶりに会えたことに今まで張り詰めてたものが緩んで、じわじわと泣きそうになってくるアズ。その弱々しい姿を見てイデはすかさず抱きしめてくれるし、頭を撫でてくれる。 「アズーr」 「い、であさ……僕、あ、会いたくて…」 「フヒヒ、考えることは同じですなあ」
「君の部屋でいい？」 「ん……」 すっかり甘えたになったアズの体姫抱きしてオクタに向かうイデアズ。 この後めちゃくちゃ甘やかされるアズ
泣いた
그러게요 저만 그런거같아요 아까부터 시도하는데 올라는가는듯한데 엄청 뻑뻑한 느낌이네요 느릿해서
Mí profesora
vamoooo
Brother I am watching this conversation at the table and with Sebastian with my mouth AGAPE
Awake, awake
🫣
Great work everyone
No idea mate, just reporting what I've heard 😅 not an expert by any means (although to me "West Asia" is Europe lol)
なんか最近廃盤多くない？
北野さん、こんスコぉです😊
How does a ship float on the bottom of the sea?
I would recommend ALL countries get a nuclear deterrent program, because EVERY country is a potential threat.
ive worked on them extensively and if you use them to learn, about half the stuff youre learning is likely incorrect.
勝手に想像して勝手にのたうち回るのやめてもらっていいですか？　ハイ
Perhaps I’ll do a slow drip of Death Valley pics from last week’s trip.  First up are several of the small shark teeth and bivalve fossils we found at Ant Hill just east of Bakersfield. It’s the publicly accessible portion of the Miocene-aged Round Mountain Silt within the Temblor Formation.
You have a deep common sense literacy problem
oops
コミケ番組見てたら会ったことあるスタッフさん出てきて二度見した。
Gonna need data on any firefighting events that were impeded by bike lanes that weren't first or concomitantly impeded by cars. Especially every time an FD official cries about them.
班渠ﾊﾟｲｾﾝをお願いします🫶✨
Ughhh! And I hate swatching. But it has saved me several times.
Like do people not study the Gulf of Tonkin incident, subsequent legislation, on its authorization for the Vietnam War... Like it's not hard to go to war without declaring it if Congress wants to
Damn that looks amazing! Wonder how much that cost
In this battle of the cliques, meet more of the student council!
You're very welcome:) *hug*
💔🕊️
This happened immediately after I remarked that the tiny chip on the lip of the cup was actually good for holding a tea bag's string. Egg on my face
もう妖怪すけべやまびことして定期的に怒られてもらおう（本当に反省してない）
イくん昔は女子の乳も脂肪の塊程度の関心しかなかったのに、初彼氏の筋肉にふんわりうすく乗った脂肪のやわらかさで開眼する（わたしの妄想です）あとなんかいいにおいする（わたしの妄想です）
DOING M12s TOMORROW. THAT TOOK TOO LONG AHHHHHH!!!! Thanks @melliow.bsky.social for the raid! I sent the dojo over to @veiledgrey.bsky.social for the night!
Does someone want to map out/plan a pacific coast highway honeymoon for me in Sept? thx
buh
PLEASE CAPCOM JUST GIVE JILL OR CLAIRE SOME LOVE INSTEAD FOR ONCE
Tudo naquela casa é planejado pra causar estresse, incômodo, deixar cada um o mais no limite possível!!
It rumbles.
Where would the gluten be normally?
Even if there was a plan it’s still illegal and wrong and a violation of the Constitution and the oath of office   Don’t know why ppl still add the part about a plan
I'm never wrong when I say that the Seahawks need Logan Jones
未だに歌える仮面ライダーの主題歌めっちゃあるもんな  プリキュアもわりとちゃんと見ていたけどかなり戦隊ライダー寄りの女児であった
Great work everyone
So you want people to die?
feeling nostalgic for early 2000s bullshit
目的地まで離れてると2〜3日かかるので早めがヨシ
#1日1絵 #3月2日  の過去絵  マンガ「リスの夢」  #今日は何の日  「サニーの日」 シマリスカフェさん  のサニー君  #ミニの日　だいぶ前の絵ですが #vag25 #komugithechipmunk みたい⁈ほか  モモンガもリスの仲間  ペット似顔絵を描いた年も  #リス #シマリス #イラスト #illustration
You are loved.
Goddamn right.
Just so fucking cavalier. Deplorable still fits him & his ilk.  3 US service members were killed in action during the joint attack on Iran... "Sadly, there will likely be more before it ends," President Trump said Sunday afternoon in a video message, per the New York Times. "That's the way it is."
久々に宇宙にきたカガリが上手く移動できなかったり体当たりしそうになるのをとろとろの目で捕まえて平気か？と訊くアスラン、三隻同盟の頃を思い出して愛おしくなっているのですが、訊くその顔があまりにも甘くて、自分が大切にして嬉しそうに笑うので、さすがに照れてしまうカガリ　そのうち慣れてちゃんと距離取ってふよふよしてても心配だから、と人がいないのをいいことにぴったりカガリを自分のそばにくっつけようと寄せるし、話しててもだんだん腰を寄せるから距離が近くなるんですよね
The SAG awards were tonight which appropriately always come after the Golden Globes.
The Shelterer
ちみゆが泣いてるとこいっぱい見たい😭泣かないで😭
ネット疑心暗鬼に陥るの春ありがちなんだが春と相性が？かなしい
In all ways except physical I am Shinji and that is hard to know about the show tbh
I wish I was Toji 😞
EFTA01580194.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580194 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
Just a bunch of scum of the earth pieces of shit
What were the pathways in the original Route 11 in Kanto supposed to be? One of the workers mentions looking out for live wires, so as a kid I thought it was either some sort of high-tech platform or electric fence or something In every gen after (including FRLG) they’ve just been regular dirt paths
and dressed so comfy now thanks to you! 💕
Yup. Universal health is not in the GOP playbook or the Dems playbook.
Explanation here!  bsky.app/profile/pecu...
2026. Interactions between Red-billed Oxpeckers (Buphagus erythrorhynchus) and hippopotamus (Hippopotamus amphibius) in the Salambala Conservancy, Namibia. www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1...
Gonna need a moratorium on people acting jazzed about The Actor Awards without A. saying that they used to be the SAG awards and B. pretending they ever gave a shit about the SAG awards
many listeners let us know the new xbox ceo is a weird birthrate tech weirdo, so don’t worry we talked about it on this
sitting upon a throne of food... the biggest little glutton
I gotta give it a shot! My boyfriend recently showed me one of Tengo Project's other remakes: Ninja Saviors: Return of the Warriors, and I was obsessed with it. All of their works are so stunning visually and the ones I've played (that and Wild Guns Reloaded) play like dreams.
omg omg this would be what I need 😩❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
I watched Flying Down to Rio a jillion times when I first discovered it and loved The Carioca so much I learned the words and walked around singing it. Welcome to my life at age 11.   #TCMParty #TCMMusicalMatinee #TCMBumpers #FredandGinger @davekarger.bsky.social
they really tied like, ALL 3 of the original games together that was cool that was nice
It's MOTH MONDAY!  I'd love to collaborate more!   If you're a creative interested in collaborating with me, please let me know! Especially sound designers & voice actors, but any craft!  I'll make an equivalent nsfw post for those who prefer to reply there.
Is The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild a 3D platformer?
-slight nod-  I will keep your words in mind.
ok so i checked out the actual interview and theres just no way someone talking like this is Dumb Enough. earnestly think you gotta watch it.
the theme of the current era seems to be "people with significant leadership responsibility cosplaying their jobs"
No offense, but if you have an opinion about the filibuster in 2026 that refers to “the ruling parties” like you don’t know what that means or who they are, I’m going to assume you’re an idiot.
It’s a 53-45 makeup among the “ruling parties” right now with a couple of weirdos who tout their supposed independence which is most often displayed by voting with Republicans.
… Anyway, I’m pretty sure this is how Rufus Firefly becomes president of Freedonia, so strap in folks
これ、今年もしたい
長命寺売ってるエリアそんなに少ないの！？
Si vous avez des articles en anglais ou en français qui parlent de la dimension addictive de chat GPT je suis preneuse, je viens seulement d'apprendre que ca pouvait être une addiction et j'aimerais pouvoir accompagner qqn à s'en défaire
If you think what I am calling for here is extreme or premature, you are a fool. You are literally a fool.
おめでとさんです🎉
Is that the end of the world special??  I hadn't see it advertised
amigos eu queria que tirassem o debuff de pre diabetes de mim
tipo nem foi culpa minha
저는 일하느라 못들어왔어요(서럽!)
クリームソースのオムと野菜をめちゃ入れたカレースープ
からだをだいじに
ほほお🍅🍯🍋
Nobody deserves all this shit. Not the readers and not the original authors. We can only hope the AI bubble pops before Media Do actually uses AI in a translation. It’s so depressing but I may have to swear off Seven Seas if they somehow get away with this shit
We really, really need fucking legislation, man. I hope hell is real
Satirists in shambles
ブルスカアプリ具合悪いな　単に俺のAndroidの具合が悪いだけ説もある
Beeindruckend! Wow  👍👍
I can only speak for me, but at some points, (really) dark humor is the only thing that prevents me from being in a strait jacket rocking back and forth. This timeline fucking sucks. People like you are a glimmer, but after awhile, the glimmers feel like maybe we just blinked too hard & saw stars.
The PM did not side with Trump. He supported efforts to stop the nuclear program
#ALNST #SUA
hello how’re you
なにかの本を読んでいるとき、読んだことある別の本やその作者が引かれていると、ああここでリンクするんだなという妙な快感がある
あの変な感じは誰にも描けない気がするからまた面白い作品書いて欲しい😭
출근하였다 지하철에 사람이 적어 좋았네요...
so true
Oh hey that’s my friend!
I could take over the world if my ears were that cute 🥺
午後も頑張るかあ
도영아 너 방금 그런 모습은 기아 팬들이 보면 기겁한다 ㄷㄷㄷ
sure why not
I love it when myself and a concerto soloist lock eyes during a solo duet and we completely ignore the conductor.   I am playing the Bruch concerto Tuesday and the soloist is so sensitive!
Yemeni war videos dont mess around x.com/ASE/status/2...
Why does this look like a bond credits scene?
Nailed it! 🫣
This has been on rotation in wallpapers on my phone since Chicago and I’m crying 😭 I love you Claybee 💚 so so much
this post is not about sunny, i only quoted that because shes an example of a fantasy race that will appear in the game.  her existence is not in question, please read
youtu.be/oK9gLkXe0xw?...
I really hate when influencers or whoever is showing food on camera and cuts it in half and then squishes the shit out of it. 😫
umm acktually 🤓👆 moxie has pink lips and she looks fabulous ✨
昨日ドラッグストアに行ったもののこの鼻周りの問題が風邪なのかアレルギーなのかも分からないので何も買わずに退店したのですが、昨晩に激烈悪化して大後悔したのでさっき再びドラッグストアに行って薬を買ってきました。効いてくれ…
I could take over the world if my ears were that cute 🥺
Porter Wagoner could wear the hell out of a Nudie suit.
神よ、お寿司を食べてしまったことをお赦しくだ……寿司くらい好きに食わせろッ！！！
"Just try not to bang two pieces of it together too hard."
いつかのチョコレートバブカ
What a day
I think it had a few things working against it (Day-for-Night being the main offender for me personally) but I do think the performances are strong.
The Academy nominated shorts, live action were great last year!
帰ったら絵
Perhaps I’ll do a slow drip of Death Valley pics from last week’s trip.  First up are several of the small shark teeth and bivalve fossils we found at Ant Hill just east of Bakersfield. It’s the publicly accessible portion of the Miocene-aged Round Mountain Silt within the Temblor Formation.
In all ways except physical I am Shinji and that is hard to know about the show tbh
I wish I was Toji 😞
레몬그라스랑 고수 향 낭낭한 태국요리집도 있읍니다 [카카오맵] 어메이징농카이 서울 마포구 동교로 156-11 1층 (서교동)  kko.to/lroJwls9BD
わたしも桶とか壺とかでなんか運びたい！ってｾﾞｧ始めたのに(大嘘)一度も持ててない！！！😠
Special Military Operation.
The primaries in Texas are showing an increase in early voting for democrats. I hope  Jasmine Crockett wins. I really like this young lady. She is well spoken and speaks truth to power.
Alien crater, feline invader
Gentoo Linux from scratch, on a ThinkPad with Libreboot, running Wayland on a custom-compiled kernel, ZFS root, full disk encryption with detached LUKS headers on a YubiKey, and no systemd, compiled entirely with Clang under musl instead of glibc.
DAY 270 of Manifesting #KiddBanditIsAllElite @kiddbanditpro.bsky.social #KennyOmega @aewontv.bsky.social @allelitewrestling.com @tonykhan.bsky.social  I will stream Amnesia: The Dark Descent or Dead By Daylight for 12 hours for the charity of Kidd's choosing if she gets signed this year.
なりました…高熱が辛すぎる…ご連絡等申し訳ございませんが遅くなります。
We can't even get wildfire insurance in Northern #Nevada.   It's literally a disaster waiting to happen.
27' Cambios:  🔴 M. Rashford   🟢 R. Leon
Since it doesn't get called out enough - from Mary Trump's book on the family.
Yeah. Next line is "We both know it's wrong. But it's much too strong to let it go now." Not that I think either of those 2 have any conception of right or wrong!
松またコラボカフェやるのか〜怪盗〜へその時の怪盗にしてほしいよなと思う私 怪盗衣装で白が似合うのはキッドだけだろ()
NBC News  What does one even say at this point?
She's such an inspiration and thank you ^w^
Is this your first time witnessing a kaycie repost-athon?
having the worst luck with lighting rn, will try again later LOL + will add alts in final post
청주 게이랑 연애 하실분..?? #청주 #청주게이
Who else in the Dead Parent Club is watching this and BAWLING
📚💙 #booksky
Joshua was much more resistant to launching nukes.  Preferred chess.
☺️💙
This was funnier in my head
I am live on Twitch.  Come say Hey!!! www.twitch.tv/uboo #starcitizen #twitch #youtube #streaming
Good advice to anyone of any age.
Redskins #36 Su’a Cravens Green Men’s Stitched NFL Limited Salute to Service Jersey #OfficialNFLJersey #FanJersey #MenJersey #NFLJersey
o filme uma batalha após a outra deixou um retrogosto de batata verde na minha boca que simplesmente não passa
せめて出てきた瞬間だけでも…😭
Smooth ass no more #oc #ocart #ocsky #knight #3D #Blender #3Dart #B3D
👉👈 yes please....just wanna be squished by those aaaa
I'm all for immigration.  But try to come to Canada and repress women, prepare to be met with violence . Men who immigrate need to understand that this is a free society.  So get the fuck with our program or stay put.
A Better Tomorrow is playing in theaters tomorrow and Wednesday, too.
Come over and come sit with Skippy and we'll all watch it together!
Donald Trump has a tendency to blurt out facts that he should be keeping confidential. In this case, Trump reveals that the administration was looking for a malleable successor to Khamenei - and that they never considered the elected president of Iran, Masoud Pezeshkian, for that role.
ABSOLUTELY YES PLEASE
この下描きとてもお気に入り
色々あり過ぎて情緒これ🥰🙃🙃😜🙃😍🙂🥰😁😌😊😜🤕🤑🤢🤢
PdMがClaude Codeを使い始めて変わったこと - enechain Tech Blog https://techblog.enechain.com/entry/pdm-claude-code-impact
@seattlekraken.com The @pwhltorrent.bsky.social post here. Why can’t you?
Fatphobic people be like  "i DoNt LiKe FaT pEOpLe!"  But also,  "Stawwwwwp, put a shirt on😖"
toda la región.
Anti-trans rhetoric was Right Wing point purposefully chosen as wedge issue -> Innumerable RW podcasters blast that out  The right dominates the online media ecosystem, seeping into sports, comedy, and other supposedly nonpolitical spaces | Media Matters for America share.google/IJ9AyWEDgb7H...
原稿戻りまーす
The epitome of Alpha
if you see this, join in!  🌑Username: linnybobinny 🌑Pronouns: she/they 🌑Height: 5'6" 🌑Sexuality: pandemisexual 🌑Sign: Taurus 🐂 🌑Piercings: 0 D: 🌑Tattoos: 0 DDDD: 🌑Drink: hot? london fog. cold? lemonade. special? taro bubble tea 🌑Food: sushi 🌑Pets: 3 cats 🌑Relationship: married to my SO of 8yrs
Love it.
Were you skating and playing at the same time?! Skills! Lol
laura derp
Always look for myself in this excellent audition sequence. I’m the guy who’s clearly terrible. #TCMParty #AllThatJazz
夢を追う親の背中を見ることに憧れや尊敬はあったものの、自分を見て欲しいという気持ちも絶対あったと思うんですよ
Puyo Puyo Tetris Spell 1
ここ3日間ポケスリやってて思うけど寝起きにやること多すぎるゲームだな
God, that makes me want to vomit. I hope John Roberts and Leonard Leo die long slow, painful deaths.
自創作に対する「セルフ二次創作」のさらなる応用、「セルフデマ」！ 自分が作者だからこそ "絶対にそんなことはない" と断言できる、純度100％の澄み切ったデマを生成し流布する！（？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？？）（完全に意味不明な行為だけどなんとも言えず楽しいです）
youtube.com/post/UgkxRPY...
This world-famous man is now a character in a novel - there's trouble  https://www.abendblatt.de/hamburg/kultur/article411318280/dieser-weltberuehmte-mann-ist-jetzt-eine-romanfigur-es-gibt-aerger.html  more #Hamburg #news at: https://hamburgnews.observer
They keep reshielding needles :(
用意するのは強靭な肉体とフレンドの吟子さんです
You can definitely find elitists out there, but in general? The many people I worked with over more than a decade at the single biggest site?  Absolutely not. This is baffling to me. Who are you talking about? Can you give any examples at all
そもそも試合も好きじゃなかったんだけど（勝敗がつくから）、 学校に馴染むためにはスポーツしてた方が良かったから頑張ってた。  今のメンタルで小学生に戻れるなら画塾行かせてーって頼み込んだかなあ。
川島基ピアニスト、五反田で感動のリサイタルを開催！ #ピアノリサイタル #川島基 #五反田文化センター  「黄金の手を持つピアニスト」川島基が、5月1日に五反田文化センターでリサイタルを開催。チケットはカンフェティにて販売中です。
多分呑みすぎてるんです😂
Whip spiders?
No. I was counting on self reflection. And I was wrong.
Conversation that the bandmates of I Prevail had on stage during a near sold-out concert tonight: "Do you have anything you want to say?" "I do, I have something profound to say" "And what would that be?" "There's not enough Shrek porn" "WHAT THE FUCK-" *immediately begins next song*
神社対談動画 #高橋御山人の百社巡礼拾遺  第13回は宮城県金田八幡神社や岩手県一関市（旧鬼死骸村）の鹿島神社等 黄金商人と鬼、みちのくの伝説を追う youtu.be/TSKpW1sOPVQ?...
クラはジョウト地方出身でコガネシティ、カケルはカントー地方出身でトキワキティ、スバルはカントー地方でヤマブキシティ出身
funny  como  voce  foi  de  uma  das  minhas  pessoas  mais  proximas/pessoa  de  conforto  pra  ser  indiferente  pra  mim  tao  rapido
#seihantai This actually really sweet.
Not to mention this is NOT Nobel Peace Prize work,
Everyone has a first day at work even guys in bot farms. They don't let you play the Yankees when you first get drafted, you gotta spend a few years in AAA ball first
www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNav...
Sendle And Now What, Where And How? So we woke up to news on SBS that Sendle, an Australian originated company, was ceasing to pickup and deliver despite their website being fully operational on Jan 11th 2026. kodako.com.au/sendle-and-n... #WebDesign #WordPress #Adelaide #AdelaideDesign
I wish <3
や〜べ あまりにも眠すぎる なんだこれ 一旦目とじるか🫩
like this t-shirt from the UK  pity about the spelling...
Call an electrician.
ใส่ฟันปลอม
🤖Prelim AirNow AQI (70112, 21:52) PM2.5=49 (Good) O₃=32 (Good) PM10=6 (Good)  #lawx #NOLAwx
Welcome back to 2003.
Took it apart and gave it a very thorough clean but it still hates me 😭
They sent goddamn DNR Conservation Officers out there in riot gear today. When we say all cops, we mean All Cops.
🏆
寝まくりたいけどできない。。
The headlines: "A New Study Links Living Near Nuclear Plants to Higher Cancer Death Rates" Versus: "Proximity to nuclear power plants associated with increased cancer mortality"  "Link" implies Causation. "Associated with" is Correlation. Shark attacks are associated with increased Ice Cream Sales.
最大4人マルチ対応、ドタバタ協力型パーティーゲーム『Chop Chop Together』体験版が公開。漁業や倉庫管理などの仕事で連携プレイ https://news.denfaminicogamer.jp/news/260302k
Are they calling the mar-a-lardo switchboard? Did trump have to hire more immigrant workers to answer the phones?
If the ABC don't hire her I am gonna go nuts.
It'd sure suck to be the first person to find a blade behind Patriot front slop huh.   Or, if we wanted to use our heads and take precaution:
fear and intimidation and whispers and malice and treachery
読んだ本の感想をﾀﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞｰｰｰって書き留めるようにしてるんだけど本当ﾀﾞﾊﾞﾊﾞｰｰｰって感じすぎる🫠笑
Pokemon Bread and Butter
瀬戸内海の115の終焉間際
Men’s Carolina Hurricanes Active Player Custom Black Ageless Must-Have Lace-Up Pullover Hoodie #SportsHoodie #MustHaveHoodie #AgelessHoodie #CarolinaHurricanes #HurricanesFan
No, it isn't.  My words clearly do not say that.  Reading is fundamental.  You are beginning to smell like a sea lion.
the bingler..,
pikmin can you bring me a cigarette
VRCにゆるゆる入るために釣り改変をしようと思ったけど、現実に存在する ・日焼け ・虫刺され ・怪我 のコンボから目を背けるのに30秒かかった
What are you looking for? My go-to is telling people to watch(or rewatch) Leverage because it's a high-quality character-driven heist show that's far too relevant to the modern day, but there's a lot of shows out there.
Today I found out FSD companies literally can't be fined for traffic violations. No driver, so no fine.  When Waymo or Tesla taxis just break road rules literally nobody can do anything about it under current legal framework lol. You can sue them but that's different.
At minimum it's an "I'm gonna pray for y'all"
ai really the most soulless shit out there buncha them over on twt just doin that cat table trend with 50 million characters and all of them have the same appeal of a McDonald's burger nothing made all just mass produced
Good GAWD these two are hot! Look at those face cards! 😮‍💨🔥
【速報】半蔵門線がメタモンに大変身！3/15まで限定「半蔵モン線」出現！ - AIゲームまとめ  ▼詳細はこちら
합지피티
@toadscroak.bsky.social
it's tragic what you've become, andy.  i wish you still loved this country.  bye.
If the Sacramento Kings somehow win this game, I’ll eat my Fox Kings jersey.
that’s All you.
へぇ  そういえばげいつ姿消してるらしいけど日本に居るの？😅隠れやすそうだもんね日本😂  その辺に居ても私も外国人のおじさんっていう認識になるからなんも気にしないのだろうな🤣(良くない危機感の無さ😂😅💧) 平和ボケの象徴だな(´-ω-)🕊  x.com/i/status/202...
ょどべ
来週は健康診断。人生初の内視鏡…。 腹腔鏡は受けた事あるけど、アレとはまた違うし。 緊張…（ぷるぷるぷる）
Sip, la novia va a ir a un concierto y vamos a hacer llaveros de fresitas como freebies :3
The baby is black because of a mutation the parents have 🤔 #WatsonCBS
超かぐや姫、面白いし見てよかったと思うんだけど……。
8: Resident Evil Requiem - Completion time :  19h 3m  This game is worth every penny! Its hands down the best RE game in the Remake timeline, Grace's horror segments are so well crafted and Leon's action segments are a nice break from all the horror sections.
You guys know I put that out because our timeline is cursed, right?
just clocked that the actor that plays lestat in interview with the vampire is australian. god bless we really are everywhere huh
Our dm was genuinely perplexed because they set up a whole thing and instead we robbed an old lady and tried to get info from a magical horse by feeding him margaritas. We then had a sleepover.
EFTA01580195.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580195 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
#NowSpinning STALLION Slaves of Time (2020) Superb 3rd full-length studio effort by the German traditionalists! A NWOTHM journey! LTD white #vinyl edition.  D&L review: uniquehighfidelity.wixsite.com/denimandleat... Bandcamp: stallion2013.bandcamp.com/album/slaves...
So we're petsitting for an elderly toy chihuahua. After sleeping for 5 hours in her heated bed, she turned up her nose at the warm food I made, peed in the dining room and upon waking from a  3 hour nap pooped in the living room. Day one done, lol. Poor little thing, she's getting so frail.
My eight year old today informed me that she and her sister (age 6) had noticed they were getting hair on their upper lip and they needed to remove it
Did I sandblast their beautiful skin straight off their beautiful bones with my fucking FURY at the fucking AUDACITY of society?  I did not. I love them very much.
📣 Semana do Consumidor 📣  🔻 Menor preço já postado 🔻  Vonder, Lona De Polietileno Azul 2 M X 2 M.  Por R$ 20,90 (-R$ 8,41 (28%) de desconto)   🛒 https://www.amazon.com.br/dp/B078HJHBNC?tag=podbsky-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1   #publicidade #anuncio
Exactly. They didn't have anybody in mind to run the country.  Everyone's reading way too much into this. Trump got asked a question that he has no clue how to answer, like, "what's your favorite passage from the Bible." So he made some shit up, like he always does.
ブリックスって今11ヵ国なのか
crying sobbing that’s so cute
ペイディはなんだ。なんであんなに手数料加算されるの早いんだ。 アトネを見習え‼️‼️
Bloomberg informó que los operadores buscaban señales en los mercados de materias primas sobre la duración del conflicto, con el estratega de BNP Paribas, Jason Lui, señalando que los inversores estaban reduciendo su exposición al riesgo mientras las acciones caían y el
つっても私模範人間〜殴ったりするのはノーセンキュ〜←聴きたすぎ うっせぇうっせぇうっせぇわ あなたが思うより健康です←そうだねそんなこと言わないね解釈違いだねでも歌声自体はダントツで似合うよね
Are you a first-generation homebuyer? Do you want a chance at $150,000 in down payment assistance? Apply for the California Dream for All Shared Appreciation Loan.   Start by talking to an approved lender today.  Learn more and apply by March 16:
Take the drugs, be a hero  #Monsterdon
well well well i have a bank account now howeva still cant take normal comms
귀가 먹먹과일
#Media180SP262D04 Since social media is vast, it’s not hard to find a niche for everyone and leads to community. However  a negative is the capitalism. Seen when one blindly agrees to the terms and conditions of an app without fully reading through them. Specially surveillance capitalism.
my little wip... been bit by the stalker bug again lately
いやなんていうか… どのカプも見たくない…
I met a cat named Ashoka at the anime store today and she was an angel
True
Balkanisation and eventual corporate conquest alongside Greater Israel.
That cat is so in love with you it’s insaaaaaaane
no frr idk what it is! is it too much ppl using it at the same time leading for it to crash? idk
But he spoke directly to people every time his social media posted a video, both the people just on social media and the people he was talking to on the street. He still does it, just like with his conversation with the student about the snow day.
1st time you wrote was obviously framed in pain, so I am sorry for that pain in my own response... it happens I've have named names & suggested where to find more, but can't name everyone, that's why survivors have to work together like a DOJ group of 2200 I'm a part of Check out Treyslaw.org
あざまーす！
in '95 I was at Concordia in Montreal and my friends, some in bands, were saying I could rent much cheaper if I wanted to live with roomates.  I knew people paying $150/m in rent and living in big spiral-staircase accessed flats with friends.
年々諦めが早くなってくので…いいのだか悪いのだか…でも一点でもｸﾞｯｽﾞ買えたらいいなと思います…😢
はずかちー！😇
He doesn't have those answers...
The exact date for the Blue Jays vs. Mets spring training game is not confirmed, causing viewer confusion.  https://newsletter.tf/blue-jays-mets-spring-training-game-date-unclear/
Men’s Cleveland Browns #13 Odell Beckham Jr. 2021 White Pullover Hoodie #BrownsGear #OdellBeckhamJr #MensHoodie #FanApparel #PulloverHoodie #ClevelandBrowns
I'd be happy to give you a nutshell worth of history re the oil coup agst the Qajars in the 1920s to est. the Pahlavis anytime, but not tonight, love.   Tonight, I'm in a foul mood. I'm cursing all your compatriots; I'm cursing all of mine as well, plus every me, every bit of... everything, everyone
His ass is to small to be mathing
絵日記好きだから本でも見たいよ〜て思うけどやっぱ各方面に許可が必要なんだろうか　ああいうのは
it’s very much a relief that i tend to not have nightmares when i share a bed with someone but also i am not sharing my beds most nights and the horrors persist
That's way you two 's plan? How did NOT CRYING! You're nothing, shall do...
マックのタルタルシュリンプとドーナツうまいな
she still likes her tho
I kne an army recruiter who said fully one third of ppl join for the chance to commit murder  I’ll save my empathy for the little girls
Sometimes all I need is a hug :c
Hell yeah
烟宝引领潮流先锋
one would hope so considering she spent so much time telling stories about hiding her COVID diagnosis while on set  actors trade stories of the virus that will kill them like it's Leo and the bear when they campaign for awards now
That I certainly have, and both are quite the big ladies indeed :)
💙
This was widely remarked upon the first time around. And the most remarkable piece is that Betsy, horrible as she is, runs a distant second in evil.
It's like winning the lottery when you get that helpful staffer.
５月関西コミティアと６月コミティアは申し込み済みです！６月コミティアは受かってたら２巻出したい
Every time I walk past one of my neighbor’s houses, it smells like really strong weed. The doors and windows be closed so to be able to smell that while walking down the street is kinda crazy to me.
www.facebook.com/share/r/18SY...
 🇺🇦 #NowPlaying on #KEXP's #SundaySoul  P-SOL:   🎵 Trust  #PSOL   ▶️ 🪄 Automagic 🔊 show 📻 playlist on Spotify  ▶️ Song/Cover on #Bandcamp:
Nem vou votar viu. Paredão falso de merda.
以前ふる納でトイレットペーパーもらったら2〜3年なくならなかったため、トイレットペーパーを買うという習慣が抜けており危ないです　うんこしてから気づくかもしれない
創作物からは萌え語りでは語りきれないその人の中の推しや推しCPの姿形が見えてくるから、やはり見る専の方も創作に挑戦して欲しいんですよね。 つまり私の描いた恬昌を読んだ人みんな恬昌に挑戦して欲しい…っっっっ
Internet History Thread:  Tumblr and how it shaped online subcultures. If you were on the internet in the early 2010s, there is a good chance Tumblr affected how you communicate online today.
Hyperbolas, double cosine waves, and exponential waves 🏆Hits🏆 🔥Hot🔥 💙Missed💙 🖼️Current Exhibition🖼️ #computationalart #mathematicalart #kaleidoscope #technicalart
@elencofabuloso.bsky.social  Seu dominador favorita já acordou! 😏  Vem me servir! 🍆💦 Quero Fuder vc Novinha  #domme #bucetaAward #bucetasawards #bucetaawards #ninfeta #peitoaward #pintoawards #pintosaward #pintoaward #rabasaward #xotaaward #xotaawards #xota #pintosawards #pintoaward #mamae #puta
Now now, that's just another kind of racism. There are asshole white people and asshole people of color, and everything in between.    The second amendment was written by folks who were familiar with muskets, not AR 15s. What we should've done was ban removable magazines for civilian guns.
魔酢汚鯖一回抜けたからその後知らなくて色んなね、想像がもうヴォアーってね まぁいい方向には進んでないっぽくて、残念本当にね僕もねすんごい残念です 己に課したノルマをある程度クリアしたらまた入ってイクんですよ、イクんですよ、イクんですよ
Reaper of Freezing  
情緒持ってかれたまんまなんやけど、すぐ泣くwww
계단 막아둘거면 1층에서 공지하라고 3층 올라갔는디 막려있어서 다시내려왔잖아...
Flop on his belly, or just dive inside it - he'll love ya for it either way #vore
Galera, e o castigo do monstro, hein? Foi de mira do líder?  #BBB26
Genuinely impressed I could knock out 9+ hours and theres still tech issues  Fandom spirits I'm sorry. I won't hog all the fujin energy anymore and go back to writing. Please don't take it out on ao3 we need that
Gissa året!
Now playing on 91.3 Ayclt FM HD2: Rock Mix 013 by WTRS FM! Tune in now: https://radio.913aycltfm.com/listen/91.3_ayclt_fm_hd2/bluesky
I just found the most addictive game ever - Merge Gun Run 🤯! You build a team of guns, merge them to create ultimate firepower, and save the world from alien invasion 🚀! darkcat.games/game/merge-g...
Of course.He just doesn’t give a shit!!
Yup! 100%
LMAO I am pretty much living american timezone and my bud is playing the new RE so im being extra bad ahah! nighttime is overall just better tho ;;
As you likely assume from my response, even after the revolution, Iran had elections, an effective civil government, and a strong academic community. It is not Iraq. Hatred of the Shah and the desire for stability post-revolution involved trade offs, not some imagined dictatorship of the Ayatollah.
可愛くて仕方ないんだろうな。いいな。
youtu.be/hjmiDzLJ9VQ
I just read in some a"i loser's bio "prompt engineer", and almost twisted something laughing 😂 Sweetie, you're not an engineer, you're a COMEDIAN 🤡
 The Sentry's Origin Revealed: How Marvel's Most Powerful Avenger Got His Godlike Powers Read Here:  https://guardiansofthefandom.com/sentry-origin-marvel-most-powerful-avenger/
“Trust” P-SOL
God, I hate myself sometimes. 
28 YEARS LATER: THE BONE ZONE
A soft style, eh? I like it!
el principe reza pahlavi demanda un cambio en iran mientras desaparece la familia zahhak
Two other things, one it's weird to watch footage of Lewis Strauss and having to not picture Robert Downey Jr, and two, I wonder how footage from this time period will look to people 70 years from now, like if it will be basically like this 1 or 2-dimensional view that leaves out a lot./2
 https://guardiansofthefandom.com/sentry-origin-marvel-most-powerful-avenger/
"Girls are dream killers": Amon-Ra St. Brown's father John recalls urging Lions WR to break up with GF Brooklyn Adam
Megapede Boss Corbeau (ink + digital color) 2026  Corbeau I love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Oh this is based on his TCG pose also lol.  #corbeau #pokemon #fanart #illustration #venipede #anime #artistsonbluesky
フランス革命の悲恋オペラ《アンドレア・シェニエ》がいよいよ公開！ #東京都 #池田理代子 #アンドレア・シェニエ #蘭寿とむ  フランス革命を舞台にしたオペラ《アンドレア・シェニエ》が3月6日から映画館で上映されます。池田理代子や蘭寿とむのコメントも到着！
先週の時点で多分もういないって折り合いつけれたんだけどな〜〜1歩進んで10000000歩戻ったわ………
FGOのモリアーティについて簡単に検索できるこちらのフィードですが、各方面に申し訳ないことに「新茶」被り(新しいシーズンに詰んだお茶／新宿のアーチャー)が起きてしまい大変見辛くなっております  季節の定例行事として(新宿のアーチャーを調べてる側に)ご理解いただきたく存じます… お茶好きの方にはいつも検索情報汚染してすみませんの気持ち  bsky.app/profile/did:...
狩林禎瓶智
STILL THE MAIN EVENT BROTHER!
xD
いつも見上げていたサンちゃんが小さくなってしまって、でもそれはやっぱりサンちゃんで……になってるプリンスは見たいんですが、昔からプリンスがサンちゃんに乗ってたから見下ろしてたな……
You’re Welcome 😊
こはねちゃんのグッズじゃないんよ😭 ポケモンと初音ミクのコラボグッズやね。 ペンライトとかー、いろいろ！
Obrigado! Bom sono! 🤗✨
It was so fucking fun 🥰🥰🥰
RNN Automation Test - TheMoonLoungers — Creep VS The Air That I Breathe | Moon Loungers Acoustic
quwria ele falando o idioma yautja na minha bct
I knew about the sevii islands in FRLG, but didn’t know when they would pop up. I was expecting postgame. I did not think they randomly went “hey uhhh wanna do side quests?” immediately after your 7th badge. That’s so funny
Romance changes ya.
Repeat after me: Trump & his disgusting illegal war on Iran, Republicans, MAGA &   all his DICKtator allies who support him do not give a shit about any & all Americans  who are wounded or die fighting for their profits & political power Has Barron enlisted yet? open.substack.com/pub/rawstory...
【リラックマ 4クママンガ】第821話 3月3日│登録不要完全無料のコミックサイト『パチクリ』 pachikuri.jp/4kuma/3%e6%9...
コイツが永遠に『じこさいせい』するからウチのナゾノクサのすいとるPPが足らんのですよ 御三家はヒトカゲなんですよ。 レベル30にすればいいですか？（ #ポケモン #ファイアレッド
kkkkkkkk eu nao to sabendo lidarrrr to a ponto de enlouquecer pq tomei ac muito tempo
学園長がどう扱われるのかが実況動画における最大の懸念点だったけれど、蘭たんが彼のこともちゃんと愛してくれて心の底から安堵しているよ。 そんなことを考えながら初めて更新を待った動画で、初めて学園長がサムネイルを飾ったこと、素敵ななにかを感じてしまうな。
crudo subía.
Anyone supporting the felon now has no excuse. They are idiots.
Men’s Miami Heat Customized Black Icon Edition With NO.6 Patch Stitched Basketball Jersey #MensJersey #MiamiHeatJersey #NO6Jersey #HeatJersey
I've been told that my voice fits Tim  A little upset because I've always wanted Felix to sound like me irl But I guess it fits Tim more than Felix .3.
I said something very similar to this before. The US doesn't require a figurehead for fascism, as a settler colony, the colonialism was already here, and turning up the heat is just a matter or course. What trump is, and what his successor will be too, is a scapegoat. They are all in on this.
Cintiq comes down for job work but for personal sketchin and Warcraft it’s my second monitor
🏹 actually yeah i think you have a bunch of debuffs draining your stats
Node: tg124SWbZfPrDzS Size: 15 SHA-256: 40515f6f4a7b8ba8d25aaa4c10a5324f3186aaf97b6e7ebceb37d106c76b3c94
❗ 13A: Rettungseinsatz  Linie 13A: Unregelmäßige Intervalle in Richtung Alser Straße, Skodagasse. Grund: Rettungseinsatz.
"Whoops" -Epstein
知らずに使ってたり、仕事で使わされる人は含まないよ勿論 でもこういうシステムなんで使いたくありませんって、会社に言いやすい世の中であって欲しいよね 私は会社に言いたかった
EFTA01580196.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580196 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
this can also go. other places. but I'm holding them in as I finish this chunk of work.
You know what they say, an injured stone gathers no cap space
#vss365
“I am a foreigner, I don’t know English”   I think this tied up the whole video, even though theirs 2 minutes left, as if the audio is finally making “sense”  #hwa4 #yingelishi  (10)
Feelings mutual!
lmfao
直近11イベで7回花ランはもう花ランニキ名乗っていいやろ()
808 NSFW set!❤️‍🔥                                Complete Sets in You know P and star page!  (or free preview set in SubStar!)                                    #aifurry #aifurryart #NSFWfurry #gayfurry
*the blood pasta.. do you hear its cry?
んまほっぺシールに兼さん登場してる！どうしよう何に貼ろう！？
AMTRAK Keystone (655) NYP->HAR [2026-03-01] Alert:  Travel Update: As of 10:45 PM ET Train 655 remains stopped due to a municipal services hold investigation.
another update: so i’m 91% now lmao
Bro there is no need to call me a "scum bag". I get it, you are angry. No need to act like your opposition. You are better than they are.
blueさん こんにちは
평화롭군요~ 호로록~~
Made a great run at batting  400 in 1980!
Grey-tailed Tattler 'Tringa brevipes' from Lee Point, Darwin Australia from earlier last month.  #BirdsSeenIn2026 #birdsofoz
(2) Cirie played on a season with no shields and no "murder in plain sight". Faithfuls had no agency on her season.  (3) Cirie already knew most of the celebs. Rob didn't know anyone. He barely knew Maura, he just spoke to her for five minutes on Aftersun.
Saints #10 Brandin Cooks Black Player Pullover NFL Hoodie #SaintsPlayerWear #SaintsHoodie #PlayerPullover
Took this today on a walk  Moonrise over Puget Sound
el principe reza pahlavi demanda un cambio en iran mientras la familia zahhak se desvanece
TBH, I just think “altTrump” covers it.
🤖Prelim AirNow AQI (83002, 20:53) O₃=24 (Good) PM10=1 (Good) PM2.5=0 (Good)  #wywx #JacksonWX
#hwa4 #mistranslarionworld  Hmm. I dont usually dabble in hypotheticals. I would assume that culture is tied to translation, so I'd assume the parrallel world maybe would have different style of "performances" like ordering a burger would be more gesticular, more facial movements.
youtu.be/xIqbScu6QqY?...
Cincinnati is rad.
Feed: "Eoghan Corry's TRAVEL Extra" By: Travelextra on Sunday, March 1, 2026
I said that love is real I need a serious person in my life I don't need a betrayer I believe that one day I will see who truly love me for who I am. my future love is here with me looking at me I will love to see you❤️❤️❤️
AMTRAK Keystone (624) HAR->NYP [2026-03-01] Alert:  Delay Notification: As of 10:33 PM ET Train 624 is operating approximately 35 minutes late due to an earlier mechanical assessment.
www.facebook.com/share/r/183Y...
庭師ほいちに持たせるコーヒーを ラヴクラフト・ボスとかbccコーヒーとか考えてる こういうの考えるの好き
슬슬 원래 쓰던 안경 구출해야하는데.....(침대 뒤로 떨어짐) 서브안경쓰고 생활중이긴하지만... 슬슬.. 꺼내야하는데.. 귀차나... ㅋㅋㅋ
最近、Chat GPTとの会話が、どんな内容での質問から始まっても、気づけばカウンセリングみたくなっていく  病んでるな…
I see pedestrians casually walking or jogging up marked cycle paths regularly.  Oblivious.
また離脱します夕方くらいに🌆✨
SILVER MEDAL CHERYL 🥈
ISIS will never build a nuke. They could only get one . . . from a country like Iran. They could never sponsor numerous other terrorist groups or arm Russia. . . like Iran.
Had some Bacon had to use up BLTA. Trying buy less use everything I buy. How did our Elders do this? Lots of planning.
え、また雪かも、なの？
two pretty best friends  #dispatch #prism #flambae
posting sfw bc im allowed to do WHATEVER I WANT!
thanks - it's been better in some ways than I ever expected but also re-opening a lot of loss wounds and it's not made by losing my job Monday either but at least I got another check out of them so that's not AS bad as it would be
po mas dá muito trabalho viver comigo mesma, queria mais n
What? Sorry, I couldn't hear you over the noise of all these extra-planar dickheads bouncing projectiles and spells off me  : p
🐪 Animal #945 🦅 I figured it out in 3 guesses! 🟨🟩🟩 🔥 55 | Avg. Guesses: 7      metazooa.com #metazooa
さて午後からもお仕事頑張ろう。  今もらってるお仕事はちゃんとやらねばーー
x.com/masahiro_h12... あんまこういうのは気にしない派なんだけど今は何も否定出来なかったな
I ACTUALLY FORGOT THAT SCOTT PILGRIM EX IS DROPPING THIS WEEK TOOO  ANY OOMFS WANNA HOP ON SCOTT PILGRIM WITH ME AS LONG AS IT HAS CROSSPLAY AND SUCH???  IT BE FUN TO PLAY WITH YALL OOMFS.
Specially when the ignorance is willful.
my toxic trait is hanging all my red flags out front and hiding the green ones under the floorboards
Still getting a system is down for maintenance error message
🤭
jamelle bouie is a transphobic stochastic terrorist
Fifteen years older when they first meet (27 vs 12). Ten years older at the Temple. About thirteen older at the end. 33 at the oldest point. Never even close to «his forties». Some comments elsewhere suggest to me that there was a bad audiobook adaption at some point which did odd things to Raul.
Because our administration and congress are 🐈🐈🐈🐈😸
Why not just more to the sense its been awhile since we got to talk. Been hyper busy here and there though doesn't stop me from sharing a bit of giant butt~
"You don't have to agree with Ilhan Omar or Rashida Tlaib or Robert de Niro. You might disagree with them. That is not the point. The point is that in a democracy, yelling at the president is not grounds for exile ..." www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AyT...
Air to Ground Message:   FUELER REFUSED TO DO WHITE BUCKET TEST HAD TO CALL MX TO DO IT   Area: Philadelphia, PA, USA  Type: Bombardier CRJ200 A: #ad6fdd9e2ac  F: #fcc52846654   #acars #vdlm2
www.reddit.com/r/Epstein/s/...
You mean like a sherm high?  wait wait, incoming cultural golden ratio
You didn't hear, it is no longer the Department of Defense but now the Department of War.
En Australia, el ASX cayó en una operativa de aversión al riesgo, mientras que las petroleras, las mineras de oro y las acciones de defensa como DroneShield subieron, ilustrando cómo los mercados tienden a reajustar rápidamente la exposición sectorial cuando la incertidumbre
イベ参加が10年ぶりという事実… いろいろ変わってるだろうし生きて帰れるかな…
Obsessed with this. Anon please identify yourself and take credit for this idea.
The fireplace forgets warmth when laughed at by blizzards. #MockedFlames
Color or Contrast
𝘆𝗼𝘂 𝘀𝗵𝗮𝗹𝗹 𝘃𝗲𝗻𝘁𝘂𝗿𝗲 𝘁𝗼 𝗺𝘆 𝗮𝗯𝗮𝗼𝗱𝗲 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗺𝗮𝗸𝗲 𝗵𝗶𝗺 𝗧𝗥𝗨𝗦𝗧
Dinner time soon and then maybe some Pokémon time. 😁
🏃昼休ちょいジョグ4㎞、5分10秒/㎞ペース。毎日、ちょい走るのはすぐですが、その後の服と身体の洗濯の時間がとてもめんどい。曇り13℃湿度65%風速2m/s。 #俳生走 #俳生体育
the icon of the first one… surprised?
 #KI   #Künstliche Intelligenz
what the fuck are you talking about? are you dumb?
I get so excited by the images I put up, I forget to add tags. #panties #panty #crotch #cottonpanties #pussy #pantyfetish #bikinipanties
You feel me sis! ✊
毎度思うがコードネームがファントム(幻影、幽霊)の男の本名がルシアン(光)なのほんまにドドドド性壁過ぎる。誰だこんな設定出したやつ。ありがとうアークナイツ。
遅れましたが、おはようございます😄☀️ 今週も宜しくお願い致します🙇‍♂️
Black headdress woman reminds me of Ki Wind from DS9. xD  #Monsterdon
やぬ
The fact that RGB #000000 doesnt map to C 0% Y 0% M 0% K 100% is...  I understand a frustration of artists a little more than usual today.  (printing things is really, really annoying)
And, caveat, I don’t doubt it was harder for POC in the modeling industry back then. But it’s wild to watch her impose the racism and misogyny onto models when she pretended to champion against it
ロックスターセスリ本欲しいし作りたいがネタ…
hey i feel bad that i did some whatever twt that offended others i think i know better not say complusive twts
Well why'd they cancel it?
www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Zzl...
I follow Coach. Explore Your Story is one of their recent campaign. Purpose: To build brand awareness and announce their new campaign.  Key message: Gen z culture through fashion. Target audience:Fashion lovers and Gen z Media Coerage: People and Elle. #UCWPUBR300. www.mediapost.com/publications...
LMAO, at the burning refinery fade in 🍿
EFTA01580197.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580197 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
Los Angeles Dodgers Snapback Hat #SnapbackHat #MLBHat #LADodgersHat
📣 Semana do Consumidor 📣  🔻 Menor preço já postado 🔻  Murdle: Volume 1: 100 mistérios, de básicos a impossíveis, para solucionar usando a lógica, a ...or R$ 29,00 (-R$ 40,90 (58%) de desconto)   🛒 https://www.amazon.com.br/dp/8551010220?tag=podbsky-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1   #publicidade #anuncio
えち🥺
Im so touched 😭 waiting patiently for the digital release soon…. Hopefully this year 🌕
ぞれこむ
i thought you left bsky for good last month, so i'm glad to see you're still around </3  i should message you on discord more, even though im Notoriously bad at answering.  i would try harder for you.
My God what an imbecile.  🤯
I’m so unhip, I watch that and think “I wonder who has to clean up after that.?”
Bobby is thirsty and will seduce his babysitter...  Give in to the kitten.
엇 제트기 요기 있잖아요? 넥서스 형아~ 삼간부는 첨에 아기 프라임 받고서 얼떨떨하는데, 곧바로 잘 놀아주는 거 보면 아저씨들이라 베이비시터 자질이 있는 것 같다니깐요 ㅋㅋ 메프님도 제트기이긴 하나, 오닉스도 날 수 있다죠. 결국 셋 중에 하나 마지막으로 업고 가지 않을까 싶어요 ㅎㅎ
Flatulencus?
now i gotta draw as much as i can before March 12 hits and i disappear into All Gods Village once more
I have lots of favourites. That's the trouble with books. You can never choose your favorite. It changes depending on your mood.
our washing machine tried to eat me
コスメ・デ・ボーテとオンワードの新たな市場展開が話題に！ #オンワード #ジェルミーワン #コスメ・デ・ボーテ  株式会社コスメ・デ・ボーテがオンワードホールディングスに参画し、新たな経営体制を発表。新たな価値提案を通じて、美容業界の進化に挑む！
OH SHIT WERE DOING THE QUEST
Killing those pesky blister head zombies in Resident Evil Requiem! This game is fantastic!   #residentevilrequiem #ps5share #ps5pro #survivalhorror
eat that zebra*
Maaaaaaan I wish I could watch #FrightClub peeps more often but the risk of having a bad reaction to a jump scare is too damn high. Bah!
The Sanctified Sun  ‘The halo represents an aura or the glow of sanctity which was conventionally drawn encircling the head.’  #Eclipses #Probability #Time #Space #Synchronicity #GeneralRevelation #SpecialRevelation #Sanctification  #FineTunedUniverse   en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halo_(r...
who tf even are you
Wicked 2 初日のチケ取ったぞ！！
Pretty chill weekend..relatively on a personal POV… did a #mixedmedia #painting of #daredevil because he’s cool.  #marvel #ZAC #art
i had to pay 15NZD to change my fucking xbox gamertag so i wouldnt get harassed by men in fo76 i went from princesscait to saphghoulie cos men wont get that term at ALL so they leave me ALONE
I think there are more awards shows than there used to be.
Hello pretty your video is simply magical! Your energy is contagious. If you'd like, we can become friends and create something magical together 💕🌹 I would be so happy if you would follow me 🙏and give me a direct message
Hell yes, I appreciate you using the wonderful and hilarious “garbanzo beans” rather than the boring and gendered “chick peas”
メディア欄にあったらおかしくなるだろ‼️わたしが‼️‼️
I would like history and historians to get more support Tim. I do not like the current state of affairs.
shadg 2....2
"By the way you have a shockingly big ass"   Fuck that is such a nice compliment to get. I love my ass :)
🙏KIBBS DONATION ACCOUNT🙏  okay! I got it sorted, and they said I could just post their phone number and address, and if you want to, you can call in to add directly to add credit on his account for future vet care!  Old Pueblo Vet 4001 N Stone Ave Tucson, AZ 85705  (520)-887-5571
"If these buildings around campus were called the “Jeffery Epstein Library” or the “Ghislaine Maxwell Center for Engineering" they’d have hopefully been changed long ago."
なんか革命軍まわりぽいような でも微妙に当てはまらんような てかMVの人の髪型&肖像画&片手を失うあたりがアレとファぽいなと思ってしまう
They are the very definition of Kakistocracy
You can finally replicate yourself through modern medical science, instead of manually like you've been doing.
Some people will wake up to higher gas prices tomorrow as they head back to work in various parts of the country, thanks to our great economy and our supreme leader.
You can have a little contempt for the genre sometimes, as a treat
なんかちょっとお上品というか雅というか物憂げというか  #オキナインコ  どちら様？？？笑
Now you're getting the idea. Because slavery is legal as long as it's prisoners. And when they deport or kill all the "illegal" people, who will they use to fill up these for-profit prison workhouses?
mari9netten Massaker @charles-ex.bsky.social @ginger146.bsky.social @aloa5.bsky.social @sh33ppurple.bsky.social
BLの絵柄ってなんだろう…‥ってるけど俺も多分己の絵持ってって言われたら「はい」ってなるわ（）
Upcoming loan payment will leave me sparse on lunch money tomorrow, so I will boost my Ko-fi commissions once again! ko-fi.com/sertimusthec... #furryart #commsopen
Sea the beauty.   It's dry season here btw.
I didn’t expect Bresson’s Lancelot du Lac to be this fucking bloody
大穢最近やれてないな…やりたいな。みんなの人となりを見せてよ。
呪術廻戦の一番くじの等賞商品見たけどまたラストワン賞だけのフィギュア出してる…一番くじのアンケートで「ラストワン賞だけでしか貰えない商品はやめて！A賞とラストワン賞は同じ物にして！」って書いたのに何も改善されてない…
That’s a busy roach
With the way it’s polling, even republicans should back away 😬 And in numbers he can’t veto
Having a stroke can do that, ya know.
Cometi o erro de dar zoom numa foto que eu gostava 🥴
Vai mudar porra nenhuma independente de quem saia  kmkkkkkk
ALRIGHT i am locked in and ready for rawe ceek
troubling
There are in the month of Ramadan in every day and night, those to whom Allah grants freedom from the Fire, and there is for every Muslim a supplication which he can make and will be granted." (al-Bazzaar, Ahmad, Saheeh).   May Allah accept our Ibadah, forgive our shortcomings,
and grant us freedom from Jahannam. Ramadan Mubarak.
Wish every member of ICE would drop dead.
一村次信雨
pretty sure i saw one recently that was very macabre. The Longing, which takes place in a cave where a statue of a king is to wake in 400 days, and you choose to kill that time however.
I think that OP is right to a certain degree. the reframing of traditional labour as a form of comfort can feel a bit sinister. but like with all media, quality lies in the search for experimentation.
fwiw, my comfort game is Symphony of the Night.
i barely ever hop on them anymore at all it takes so much energy for me to even start one compared to tv or reading now (or just doomscroll).   And whenever i start them they just make me feel tired and like erratic. But when I’m not playing them I’m always fantasizing about playing them. Why
The assumption that the company who makes remakes have contempt or disdain for the original/remake depending on what the internet discourse is is fascinating
www.tiktok.com/t/ZP8x51FRw/
Preached today.  open.substack.com/pub/downeast...
Ayatollah has already been replaced, like the thousands of Ayatollah before him. First named Persia renamed Iran in 1935, it has existed as a nation for 2,500 years/625 BC. America first became a nation officially in 1783, & Isreal 1948, No respect for descent from ancestry, when you've had none
i pissed off a bunch of ppl into incest with a post that was taken out of context and now im blocked by a ton of them  meh whatever
thats me:)
Hot damn, this is amazing work!
♥️
芥川さんが完璧すぎた
FWIW, the party doesn't have either a de facto or de jure leader. Ds are a coalition with different overlapping goals with different folks perhaps "leading" the different groups but even these are mostly coalitions. That much is healthy. Those in Congress are our reps in Federal government.
Add Hoover to make it 11 for 12.
So the Bounty Pack 2 for #Borderlands4 dropped last Thursday. I understand making a game is difficult, but didn't they previously figure out how to make leveled drops? So why am I getting level 49 pearls on my level 50 character? They are still good, but shouldn't they always be on level?
もう四季でいう秋は消えたし、うちも夏生まれと言っても違和感ない気がしてきた( ˇωˇ )
geopolítica se intensifica. Para el Banco de Japón específicamente, el dilema pone de relieve un concepto económico más amplio conocido como presión estanflacionaria, donde el aumento de los costes de insumos coexiste con un debilitamiento de la demanda.
Federal judges who've ruled against Trump administration denounce threats against themselves, their families  www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/fed...
As if. 😤  Iran will have their own hierarchy of Supreme Leader ascension in place. 47 will have zero input.   He’s just making shit up and pulling it out his ass again.
but in fairness the dow
He should resign.
13: Devil May Cry 2 uhhhhh it was a game alright. Had to play it for myself and yeah its just kinda boring which is a shame cause 1 is so good and i think there was some neat environments and i liked the look of it but the rest eh. #2026thread #Devilmaycry
Made it home finally earlier today. Didn't make it to the potty tho.   Not that I was even trying 😸   #abdl #babyfur #diaperfur
open.spotify.com/track/2lk4TR...
The audiobook that turns traffic jams into physics seminars (with jokes) Real commute reviews #BrianCoxTalks #STEM #Universe #AmazonAffiliate #ad #paidlink
Monitor riserssssss!
shakes ur paw
Thank you Paula.  💙💙💙💙
grinning ear to ear at henry trying to stop the divorce SUFFER WHITE BOY SUFFER
🤬
The current military must be magas I believe, otherwise they would have resigned or refused to take orders.
😂😂😂
What he has done is illegal, and he needs to be impeached, removed, and prosecuted.  That is what you should be demanding. Not an “explanation.”
大阪エヴェッサ、dポイントで日常から応援する新キャンペーン開始 #大阪エヴェッサ #dポイント #応援キャンペーン  大阪エヴェッサがNTTドコモと連携し、dポイントを利用した新たな応援キャンペーンを開始。日常のお買い物で応援が可能に！
ต๊องแก่
Day 3 in this musky jock.
7. i get ocd about Characterization so unless it actually make ic sense for it to be willing i default to unwilling? like i assume most people/characters are going to at least play up being forced down but i mean i guess it depends on the situation idk
隣接ジャンルとみせていまのところ、スポーツジムの広告は清潔感があり、かつ服装も常識的で良い ルネサンス カーブスコナミ チョコザップ ゴールドメガロス セントラルスポーツ(字余り)
"Each vine a thousand branches, each branch a thousand clusters, each cluster a thousand grapes".  So, each vine a million clusters, a billion grapes.  A lot to harvest and process.
Oops
Not over how cute and sweet this pic is ahh
Disgusting
Pop fabric posters - we got to hang out with our friend Ali today in Venice popfabricposters.com
Ha, do influencers do that anymore? Here's another relevant one.
「焼そばバゴォーン」には「ちょい辛」というのがあって、今月一杯で販売終了らしいので、見かけたら買っておこう。 www.maruchan.co.jp/cupyakisoba/...
Gut-punching and true. #Bucha is a must watch movie based on true events during the first weeks of Russia's war on Ukraine. Not an easy watch but ultimately uplifting. #Ukrainewar
Bro do you even own a Molcajete? ;)
i dont know but i know endurance is your dump stat
Сейчас сижу и думаю что ну рано или поздно капкому все таки придётся же  убить Леона и мне оч интересно как они это сделают 🫡🫡
Right?!  I still think the children should have been spared, but I understand *why* they weren't.
Full video in the link below  https://linktr.ee/AllYourModels 🤍
[VOCALOID] シリーテラー (Silly Terror) by r-906  YT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yqze0FkZiAU NN: https://www.nicovideo.jp/watch/sm45764879
Truncated Step-Level Sampling with Process Rewards for Retrieval-Augmented Reasoning  Combines truncated step-level sampling with dense LLM-as-judge rewards for training search-augmented LLMs, achieving provably lower variance.  📝 arxiv.org/abs/2602.23440 👨🏽‍💻 github.com/algoprog/SLATE
今思えば、月曜～木曜の「天才てれびくん」より金曜ならではの特別感があった「ビットワールド」は欠かさず観ていたな…  ※前者は長期的に観た記憶すらない
EFTA01580198.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580198 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
パソコン🤣www 猫だけどあえての柴カラーとかでも良かったかなって思っちゃいました😆  セクレトは名前とカラーリング ∞回数変えられますよ👌
Let me make you the only one who loves me.
ban *all* betting
Brought tears.
ヒプマイの映画　とっくに終わったと思ってたらまたやってて二度見した
櫻魔くん……あの。開眼してもらっていい？？？？？デフォルメにするとにぱって笑うのやめて。目を開けろ！！！！！
Suspect in Texas shooting wore ‘Property of Allah’ clothing and Iranian flag emblem, AP source says #usnews
Nossa quantos dias q n logo aqui, lancei meu manifesto anti imperialismo branco e desapareci, preciso achar um servidor alternativo pra logar aqui, não quero mais logar pelo servidor do bluesky, se dizem do bem mas são tão imperialistas quanto quem criticam
酸辣湯麺を食べながらドラえもんについて議論する🪼
応援❀(*´▽`*)❀
the drop to start the chorus did something to my brain
心がﾓﾝﾔﾘとしますが、クソ楽しかったKPの思い出が効いているので大丈夫。
Be the bigger dick.   Go ahead. Try it for mother-fucking once.
You must have forgotten one. Thank you once again Betsy. Sure I will hear from you tomorrow on here sometime. Take care and always be safe 🫂🐦🙏🩵
Return theology
kiss my ass, idiot
こじじ
Plane Alert!  Procter & Gamble (N7PG)  Track it here: https://globe.adsb.fi/?reg=N7PG  #adsb #JetTrack
Awesome. Now you know! There's so much extraordinary stuff in that film and so many scenes and people that are unforgettable.
Elekid is learning about a lifeguard.
これに落ち着いた
Tots went to Jarryd?
promise?
わたしのきこうにつきあってくれてねがてぃぶなことおたがいにいいあえるひとがすきーー なんかいもであったことあるけど、あったしゅんかんにはちょうあうかんじがする
凛々しい推し☺️☺️☺️
でっけえプリン食べたい
｢アルビナとイベントがあるもおんぶしようとして重さに耐えれなかったシンクレア｣
Yay I hope 🍀
ありがとうございます♡  距離感バグってるくせに自分の中ではめっちゃ線引きしてて、、 ひたすら我慢してるひより大好物過ぎてこんなことになりました😂😂（あわれ）  ひな祭りまで落書き程度ですがTLでひよなぎいちゃつかせときます🫶🏻💕
自分に持っていない観点を持っていない人間が好きな説ある。この友人と数年ぶりに連絡を取ったらかなり丸くなっており「今度遊びに行こう！」と言ってくれたので嬉しかったが、時の流れを感じたという話です。
ﾋﾟｼﾞ助√﹀\_︿╱﹀╲/╲︿_/︺╲▁︹_/﹀\_︿╱▔！！！！！！！ありがとう！！！！！！！！毎日598268594268442ｇ食べて6943982694268時間寝るど！！！！！！！
He's dealing with the grief of losing Warner Brothers.
"you cant thoughtseize the top of the library" watch me
Spineless tool
#radiohead #stanlydonwood  fanart
bsky.app/profile/stev...
😬 it doesn't exist yet, but I feel like the skyline has been primarily about Connor Storrie on SNL  I'll tag you when it's up
最高の部分についてもっと知る   (Saznajte više o najboljem dijelu)
yoohoo hi cowboy i ahfhshkjddj
Me: I need you to write Changeling the Lost My brain: Vampire the Requiem, now!
できた　ほわぬセーターが🧶
Yup. Trying to out WM the WM. That’s people’s idea of success.
🫨
eu apanhei na ultima partida e fiquei irritada, ai parei KK
Playoff hoops in the big 🍎
그리고 사실 sza가 ost에 참여해서 보겠다고 생각한 것도 있었는데 뜻밖의 수확이라 더 좋았어
Donnie's Rocket Man!💕
tlesaca.substack.com
Girls who
Bots are out here instigating about Iran, I think. I just saw a post where they were saying all things derogatory about all US military. Veterans are calling out bull, but this divisiveness feels intentional and planned - kind of like the DHS funding vote.   apple.news/ABhEKbFvkQMi...
Scott’s kids enlistong?
9.5kg? .....WITH THE TENT!?!? Spec sheet on that Brompton, please! There's no way that's a stock bike.
.. Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. Isaiah 53:1-2 ..
うちの子が食ってるアイスもしやめんめ？？？
Tbf to me his sweats are comfy and look good on me and I've been trying to find other ones but haven't found any that I like
GRABS YOU LIKE A SQUEAK TOY YOU'RE HERE FOREVER NOW
www.youtube.com/shorts/0CQ0P...
Plane Alert!  US Customs and Border Protection Surveillance (N801XR)  Track it here: https://globe.adsb.fi/?reg=N801XR  #adsb #JetTrack
That's me but with the Warriors 😭
여자인척하니깐 달러드는게대단하다ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ #박제 #섹블
#OFF | Como ficou sua máquina do tempo no Spotify nesse mês de fevereiro?
he still gets window slam zoomies but theyre like, down to maybe 5% of the time
todos dignos de capa de revista, né?
En tales entornos, a los bancos centrales les puede resultar más difícil subir las tasas para combatir la inflación sin frenar aún más el crecimiento.
人間は大体中途半端だから安心
事実確認にTiktok！？！？！？！？！？！？💦💦💦💦💦💦💦w
It's SO predictable and tedious.  Humans cherish their ignorance.
#rileyblack #cute
Here for you crash 🫂  Feel better
体調が！！！あんまり良くない！！！ しかし今日12月からずっと丸めてきたストレスを！！やっとカウンセリングでぶちかますことができる(泣くかも)💣とてつもない大きな塊かも何回か爆ぜてたw
Alex, can you please post that here?  Because I'm not going to X to find it.
お仕事乙です！ 逃れられないLOLへの回帰は最早STAND ALONE COMPLEXと言えるのかもしれない...
Love Post-AI warfare. All the fake stuff looks real at a glance, all the real stuff seems a little fake. I have no idea who's actually alive or dead. Hopefully, an emissary of the king will ride through town to give us word from the front.
胃の中がぐちゃぐちゃで気持ち悪い
Air wha?
Muito bom!!! Cara tava ouvindo a boscov falando do filme e ela contou que o diretor é meio loucão. Ele é procurado pela polícia iraniana e ainda assim entrou no país disfarçado e fez as filmagens no mocó e vazou tb. Aqui tem coragem!
みなさんムキムキの魚が好きすぎません？
brushed my teeth without giving my teeth 30 minutes of remineralization after my last meal
Oh I'm not worried about him I'm worried about sharing a continent or planet with someone with no respect for the universe's perverse sense of humor when people act like it can't get them
11:59 PM CST to be extra exact
The nobility of it all.  [HEAVY SIGH]  Could someone please explain to him once again, that he's still not getting the Nobel Peace fries.  (typo from voxwrecka. it's a keeper, but i really do need to work on my shake.)
I am now infodumping about trains to them
おなじです笑
I heard a former pro-Trump military guy talk about how bad Obama was but did say that he saw Obama quietly stand at full attention at Edwards or Dover for an hour and a half for the dignified transfer.  Let's see if Trump shows up this time, because last time he went golfing.
それな…俺の屍を見て…つもっちは…ほしいもの…即決してくれよな…☆
I needed that laugh, thank you
Feed: "Eoghan Corry's TRAVEL Extra" By: Travelextra on Sunday, March 1, 2026
Republicans: "Fuck you, you're not owed anything."  @democrats.org: "Okay, for the sake of the nation, and as a gesture of good faith, we'll support you this time."
got a blue guitar from a gachapon today so I gave it to Ratio lol
youtu.be/vaTSQzYIR3U
In this job, on multiple occasions, I've had the experience of having to ask, with complete sincerity: "Could you please describe your character's feet to me in detail?"
Iran more prepared than the Gold Room and Hegseth's Department of War anticipated.   Their bungling is costing lives.
Node: Gmf1b3yNI0shOVC Size: 15 SHA-256: 86d60551e11a169307fa47bbbaa6c2b6b9d4dfc1760d8e3fc4af3f8031c936eb
Happy to see you... Being huge!
睡眠、起きれるという期待がある上で寝ている（まさか起きれないなどという事はあるまいという思いで寝ている）（起きた）
They’re just going to elect a new supreme leader. What’s the plan here?  Short-sighted action by my “great” country.  I thought that intelligence already determined that this would be a waste of time?
📣 Semana do Consumidor 📣  ⚠️ Somente 3 em estoque. ⚠️  🔻 Menor preço já postado 🔻  EDA Chaves De Fenda E Phillips Cromo Vanádio Eda Prateado Preto Ama...Por R$ 37,63 (-R$ 6,64 (14%) de desconto)   🛒 https://www.amazon.com.br/dp/B0777N8M36?tag=podbsky-20&linkCode=ogi&th=1&psc=1   #publicidade #anuncio
AWSのドバイ拠点に「物体が衝突」し火災、サービス停止に https://www.itmedia.co.jp/news/articles/2603/02/news071.html
You’re complaining about a Jewish person analyzing a Jewish holiday that starts tomorrow, and saying that you’re angry and it’s not the right time for such analysis.   But why…is it not the right time, and why are you taking your anger out here, specifically
Plane Alert!  Metrea - Private Surveillance Company (N193RA)  Track it here: https://globe.adsb.fi/?reg=N193RA  #adsb #JetTrack
DON"T TALK TO MORONIC COPS FFS! www.youtube.com/shorts/76l4X...
さ○とう先生に絵仕事貰うために、今の絵のどの技術を上げるべきかとかSNS戦略とかお聞きしたいが、あの笑顔で結構厳しい(本人もかなり厳しい道を通ったわけで…)言葉放つのたまにメンタルに来るのでもうちょっと待とう
Pls put stuffies in … I will pack my bags
ゆらぴ元気でいて…（そりゃ無理な話
....? 게일아, 그건 좀 아닌 거 같은데
Yay congrats 👏
The Tony Soprano presidency.
eスポーツチームREJECTがVTuberオーディションを開始！新たな才能に出会うチャンス #東京都 #港区 #VTuber #eスポーツ #REJECT  eスポーツチーム「REJECT」が新たにVTuberオーディションを開催。活動支援と成長をサポートし、新しい才能との出会いを目指します。
多分ワタル公式が出してた本編でなく魔神の紹介に特化した総集編ビデオがあったと思うんだけど、あれOVAの収録内容だったかどうか記憶が朧気だなあ。レンタルで全編だけ観たのだけど＜RP
ハズビンホテルシーズン2 やっとみたよ 一気見最高
Oh fuck yeah I saw that yesterday! bsky.app/profile/slee...
GFGHFHJLGJ
Bomb and run.
"Good vs Evil"?  Which side bombs girls schools?
胃袋なら貸せるから必要になったら召喚してくれ✌️
i dont do substitutes... but husb does... some of his:  fiddlesticks fuddle duddle  [when we were in hs he smashed his thumb and very loudly exclaimed 'fuddle duddle' making the teacher laugh--cause of all the times, saying 'fuck' would have been fine]
*inflict on
iOS26の画面の明るさ調整へた〜！ ついったダークモードで開いてるとめっちゃ暗くなる
That moment when the dog beats me to be, and I have to figure out where to sleep ...
こんなかっこいい人に言われたらそれは…！ ほんとにいつもかわいい…
And we will repeat the 1953 mistake by installing Shah 2 and Trump will justify with claim that all other potential leaders are dead because we killed them by accident.
#BBB26 GENTE, IMAGINA ESSE CIDADÃO VOLTANDO DO PAREDÃO FALSO
HAHDJJFKGOVKKGKFD
Planning on #tacos 🌮 this Tuesday.
Please take care of yourself 🤗💜
EFTA01580199.jpg #epsteinweb #efta01580199 https://epsteinweb.org Available in the iOS app store now! https://apps.apple.com/us/app/epstein-web/id6758880661
Change a baseball player by adding a letter: Johnny Dickshort
I’m okay with public beheading. How much are tickets?
Looks exactly like the pool deck at War A Laga
 "Kill him, runt." 
Thailand ((E(1)!war pia(PIA)
😈🔥🥵
prometeu e não fez nada!
Nothing would surprise me at this point.
Plane Alert!  Boeing 747 Dreamlifter (N747BC)  Track it here: https://globe.adsb.fi/?reg=N747BC  #adsb #JetTrack
CVE-2026-3403 - PHPGurukul Student Record Management System edit-subject.php cross site scripting CVE ID : CVE-2026-3403    Published : March 2, 2026, 2:16 a.m. | 1 hour, 28 minutes ago    Description : A vulnerability was detected in PHPGurukul Student Record Management Syste...
Patriotism at it's finest
Great.  Thanks. 👍🙏😃
So happy for them! :) And yes, totally agree.
Good night!
On Broadway is still my favorite George Benson tune. #TCMParty
You know she was best dressed at Glastonbury a few years back   I think remember her   Did she have flowers in her hair?
Remember when we used to have plans for a future? Yeah, that was fun.
Yep. Most “working class” kids I knew had to have jobs in high school or over the summer.
going thru all the people I could find on moots lists and reposting promoskys was fun but also seeing everyone that has left bsky made me... a little sad 😭
どう見てもお昼ですがおはようございます(ﾉ´∀｀*)  今日は花粉症ととある体調不良が重なって欠勤連絡入れてお布団で死んでました(´∀｀*)ｳﾌﾌ トイレにこもったり寝てたらちょっとは落ち着いたんですが、おなかの消化が進んだらまたお布団に籠ります…(´；ω；｀)
nudes sent via homing pigeon
awwww that’s adorable
Except with a way higher rate of accuracy and specification than Nostradamus.
きょうも！ろうどう！！！
#原神写真部 #genshinimpact на прикольном фоне ✌️
The Iranian government as we know it is a result of blowback by the way
ESTA GUERRA PONE EN PELIGRO A LA HUMANIDAD
💕👍
Mind you, for trans women sentence involves mandatory sexual abuse and rape already. This would just pile on top of it.
viciei em deadlock.
What’s going to stop them from putting a younger version of the guy who was just killed in office? That’s probably what’s going to happen. Trump is an idiot.
ジムで筋トレぐ6めちゃくちゃ見たい
Trainwreck today! #trainwreckvn #furryvisualnovels #fvn #furry #damasgratis #elpolaco #cumbiavillera #curimomo
最後の言葉はしっかり考えて言いたいから誰かや何かに殺されるより自分の意思で死にたいよね。 できればかっこよく死にたい。
 
 #Explosion   #Iran   #Israel   #Krieg   #liveblog   #Staatsoberhaupt   #Teheran   #USA
Ever heard the expression... 'Irrelevant detail' - Do you do spellcheck too. You must have an exhilarating existence.
Esto ayuda a explicar por qué los analistas sugieren que el conflicto podría ralentizar el ritmo, ya de por sí cauteloso, de subidas de tasas del Banco de Japón, un recordatorio de que las decisiones de política monetaria a menudo dependen tanto de los acontecimientos
End 3rd: Ducks 2, Flames 2  For the second consecutive game and the second time against Calgary this season, the game goes to overtime. Cutter Gauthier's second goal of the game tied it up on the power play. Will the hot hand strike again in OT?  #FlyTogether
デザイナーの永井一正さん死去 96歳、札幌五輪マーク
Awwwww!  Angel.  I'm sorry.  I know I was difficult to make into a good man.  ...There's still some more work to be done on that.  ...I do not believe I was told how to work hard and get things done.  I did not pay attention to what the Principalities wanted me to do.
さわりたい
Thank you!
発表会……どっ……どうしよう……（ソワソワしすぎ）
いいと思った絵、悩んだけど買わずに帰って、やっぱり欲しいと思って連絡したらすでに売れていたって話、そりゃそうだよ！と思った。ビビっと来たなら旦那に黙って買うしかないんだよ。
So cool that you can’t tell which war footage is legit and which is ai. I’m sure this will have no negative consequences at all!
Things that will definitely not wash back on anyone.
Plane Alert!  Russel Wilson (N330RW)  Track it here: https://globe.adsb.fi/?reg=N330RW  #adsb #JetTrack
Yes !! Stuck right there.    The Crack documentary is still up on Netflix. I’m about to run that back.   Also could watch New Jack city also a documentary
Uncomfortable Confessions:  I’ll start - my mom used “your dad beat the shit out of me” as a catchall excuse for being an abusive alcoholic for twenty years, to the point I started to think, “good, I’m glad your ankle hurts when it rains”
Frankly, I wish he killed her and I grew up in foster care
She’d get drunk and start fights with my stepdad, screaming matches most days of the week. I don’t actually think he should have hit her, but part of me wishes he did
As I’ve gotten older, I’ve understood my dad more and more. He mellowed out, she never did. And I think she wanted it, and the power it gave her, and I feel like she kidnapped me to cover up the fact she was the abusive one
I hope she gets fucking cancer, I hope it hurts, I hope it’s a painful battle, exacerbated by the fact she can NOT stop herself from drinking. I hope she feels every second of her liver rotting inside her. I hope it fucking hurts. I hope she dies alone knowing I hate her.
I had so much potential, and I got to where I am DESPITE her. She fucking sabotaged my life. She stole my future. She got me to drink with her and made sure I was an alcoholic too. She never, NEVER, helped me with anything. I have spent the entirety of my adult life waiting for her to die.
She made sure I couldn’t keep my first proper postgrad job, and went out of her way to make me fucking miserable during the worst year of my life. I still haven’t recovered, and Im lucky im still here. She stole the life I was told I was working for. I worked so hard, and it was just for her ego.
And the fucking worst part, the thing she hid behind, why people always gave her the benefit of the doubt, why I just tell people she’s dead rather than explain - people tend to take her side “because she’s still your mother”. No, she’s not, she never was. She only gave birth to me. What a joke.
He looks good.
How is criticizing bipartisan US imperialism "antisemitic-adjacent"?
Good luck with that.   The Trump Republican Party of PAB has effectively neutered itself for their Dear Leader.
Also the mechanism of reinstating the monarchy in Spain was Franco himself. It’d be like if Khamenei had put in law that  Reza Pahlavi would succeed him no matter what.
i really like this 'puzzle' but for some reason my computer really hates it? lol?
Such irony. Acts 7:41 and they made (a golden cow) in those days, offered sacrifices to the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their own hands.
うちの♂ドール達可哀想… でも可哀想は可愛い…
I do love tea…. 😝😊
Definitely adding to the tbr on the strength of that line alone
皆川さん良い声っすなあ キャラの見た目も銃の立ち絵に変わって良い感じ 罪を償う立ち振舞も本物みたいだし今後期待なキャラになりそう www.youtube.com/shorts/OivjR...
Day 3926 of wishing I was a breedable shortstack 😩
Hitman x Family #3  Anya needs a mom!  #hitman #spyxfamily
JFC he’s a fucking fourth grader
I think the most complicated thing about being both an overthinker and a hellaverse fanfic writer is the constant back and forth you have with yourself to make sure each characters actions and words stay true to the actual character despite them being in an AU setting.
Quite an interesting time to announce the army is closing a bunch of military bases voluntarily.  www.ynetnews.com/real-estate/...
interesting, i would’ve sworn there was something about that tangerine man
The only kind of people who won't answer questions are people with something to hide.
counts as what 😳
